good Roy would yo junior doing man
pleasure pleasure to have you on here
man we shake it one of these guys alive
I don't salute Lee you are you're trying
to pay bills be one of the funniest guys
out there man I'm very excited to have
you near Fox and we're talking shit
about Apple Electronics that was fucking
you out here so got the new back right
and the new MacBook with the new OS or
whatever it is it doesn't fuck with the
old versions of final cut but the old
video editing software used to use new
met but goes you got buy that shit again
I'm like my nigga I just paid for that
shit hundreds of dollars with my last
computer and yeah I have to give you
might you tell me my old software no
good but there and you could make the
software work with the new OS if you
want it to but they don't to get you to
buy it again and all that shit so dirty
so now I'm having to learn Adobe
Premiere I was pretty good with Final
Cut but I'm having just walk around yeah
I've got a whole new thing and if I'm
going to do that then I may as well
relearn a whole new piece of electronics
but to do that means I have to gut
everything that means you have to gut
the Apple TV you have to let go of the
iPhone yet the lid or the iPad my
girlfriend like the whole house
companies get you yeah Samsung he had a
Samsung tablet also pet shit out of here
get your iPad so we get that and then
got a my so it's like nah man he put get
fierce about that Mac versus Android
shit as much as they do about like
Republicans versus Democrats I want
something where I don't have to keep
paying for the same shit over and over
again every three four years Apple makes
great shit but they funk you the
interface is so smooth it's so nice yeah
I didn't check text messages I can do
whatever on my macbook yes I can talk to
my television I can one click and all
that okay and all of NASA it's beautiful
but in three years it's time to pay up
again I almost switched over a couple
years back I bought a pixel and the
pixel 2 came out but then when it came
out I couldn't get text messages and I
had a I got an email
Apple and ask them to take my email
address off of the iMessage database in
order for I'm like take that email off
so that I can't get I messages anymore
and it still didn't work I went online
to try to figure out what is a way how
do you get out of this how does this
work
you can't know and if you unless you
switch over to text message for a long
period of time beforehand like switch
your eye messages to text messages on
your Apple on your phone or unless you
buy a new number you gotta kind of buy
it is if you're gonna get in a Samsung
phone or something you got to get a new
number
what got you what when did you make the
switch to Apple in the first what was
the thing forever forever but what was
the genesis at some point you had to
fight like a sanyo yeah 59 that was my
old flip phone shout-out to seeing you I
remember when I was in radio back home
in Birmingham I was gifted an iPod touch
oh yeah and I was all Android phones
Android everything and I had an iPod
touch and at the time all I had said
played music was a minidisc player so I
could only hold like five hours I mean
this is like oh 102 and I had a five
hour minute it's not a fucking I'll
carry around an iPod Touch and then it
made more sense why am i carrying an
iPod Touch and an android phone when I
could just have an iPhone that does both
and that started the journey I started
with iPhone one but before that I was
using mac books I was using Mac forever
but even before they had an iPhone I
used to make my own pcs I used to go to
the store or like go to fries buy
motherboard buy hard drives never had no
time for that you got it you got a want
to do that like it was for me I was well
I wanted to find out how to do it and it
was it was cool to play games on a
computer that are put together myself
but then you knew how to lie so you're
building the games as well you got a
floppy disk no I'm not definitely not
building eight games I would just you
know I video games just play among the
same but even format in it and doing
everything I would have to call friends
that really knew what the fuck was up
and they'd have to talk me through shit
there's some things you have to do in
the BIOS and you know the irony of all
of this is that I still have an AOL
email address as much as I stitch of
really yeah well I know and you know I
don't understand email slander my fuck
it's I'm sending you words
electronically does it matter its
company
what is it is my email more ghetto does
it come with chicken grease stains when
you open it in your laps no it's the
same words that if I sent it from Gmail
now I have a gmail account so that
people will take me seriously when I
email them about business ideas but I
still have an old-school AOL email that
I've had since college and I'm like
that's right it's a one it's one of
those things though wouldn't you just
don't let it go I just think about
you've got mail remember when you first
heard that you've got man happy you know
what the doctor beat it was very
exciting who to talk to me and then you
get older and you realize well please
leave me alone who the fuck is this no
you've got mail yeah it was exciting it
was like a new thing that was 96 that's
when I got on live yeah yeah 95 96 we
had an old CompuServe account at the
house hmm
and that was how we got online and then
we started getting the AOL discs and all
of that shit we had a Compaq Presario
people oh I had one of those I had one
of those I started out with one of those
old Macs that was like a beige box oh
yeah that'll - yeah I don't remember
what number was but it was 95 94
somewhere around there oh no that might
be like the og MacBook with the keyboard
and the CMU was its own little like
maybe you know you had a keyboard that
you plug in a monitor that had a plug in
and it was like a tower I was like a
beige look in a slow shit it's 14-4
modem yeah 14 for I remember when I got
56 cat couldn't believe it look at that
speed I wasn't that Jamie it was a
monitor didn't have the floppy disk
built into it I don't think it's hard to
remember I remember it being there was
an actual tower and it wasn't join the
whole computer was like the monitor
itself with the guidance
are you all together no but man I
thought I was living in the future I
couldn't do something like that Jamie
bro my older brother yeah that one of
the far right that was it
Moldova had a Macbook man he had a um uh
old-school Macintosh in in 90s and he a
Microsoft Flight Simulator and you
couldn't tell me shit I go to his house
for five hours which is fly Cessnas in
real-time look I get it I get why people
will sit down with the flight simulator
and fly in real-time from LA to San
Francisco you seen the new ones they
have oh it's unreal but I would need to
buy a PC and then I know I wouldn't get
shit done have you ever used the HTC
vive no oh what's that what is it
virtual reality we have one here oh the
whole helmet sit down joint dude my kids
come here and they battle to the death
to see who gets the VR they fight each
other logic it jet it's amazing man you
put this thing on and like you're in
another world
you're fighting zombies you're in the
ocean with with with whales and shit I
went to a Samsung event they had some AR
type experience where you put the phone
on and it's fun but then I just I don't
know in the back of my head I can't get
I can't get out of my head how goofy I
look to someone else so it's almost like
something I gotta do alone yes you look
goofy
you look really goofy when you put
there's a boxing game though that you
can get a great workout in like a
legitimate great workout because this
dude comes at you you see me throw
punches and every time you see a bright
white spark it's wild man you're moving
around and bobbing and ducking punches
and throwing combinations your feet
start hurting but your hands get tired
is that gonna catch on for real Joe is
this like the Nintendo Wii when it first
came out no it's war you're gonna lose
calories with the Nintendo Wii and then
you're just a fat bastard on the couch
learning now I learned how to bowl sit
him down
yeah the weak you can you can get in
shape with this for real like if you
wanted to do multiple rounds of boxing
with this thing you would get in some
serious fucking shape because it feels
real when you put that headset on and
you're that dudes in front of you and he
comes towards you and he's got his hands
up oh shit
and you're moving around and swinging at
you you see the punches flying over your
head it's awesome now this isn't
something that's predictive in a sense
or is it like
four types of workouts of different
types of sparring sessions because the
predict yeah if you knew the patterns
it's still a workout yeah it's a good
workout but either way you're fucking
this dude up that's the whole idea the
whole idea is to keep it on them it's
not yeah it it's you don't feel anything
if he hits you you just see the spark
but that's next
don't have this that vibrates it in yet
you know it gets electrolysis and yeah
yeah yeah there's a haptic feedback
nasty where there's a place called the
void you go there and there's a Star
Wars game and the stormtroopers are
shooting you and they hit you in the
chest you feel you measure does it hurt
oh is it like just the sensation just a
sense it's like laser tag exactly yeah
it'll get bored yeah it's getting there
they're doing these warehouses now when
you go into a warehouse and it's all
virtual reality so they have everything
planned out and like you walk on across
this beam there's fire to the left you
and fire to the right so you feel heat
tell us that stuff they have it set up
to make it you know really sort of mimic
whatever sensation you're supposed to
experience that's that that I would be I
would be all there before I you know
when I was listening to you coming up
like you started talking about the
sensory deprivation chambers and I'm
like that's always been something that's
in the back of my head it's like you
have any time today you could do it I
don't know how much time I have after
let's see okay it's I know because I
know what the mindfuck it's a little bit
yeah but it's it's it's where else
things where I go when I get a house I'm
getting a grill and I'm getting one of
those goddamn Joe Rogan boxes that's
what I call them getting on them Joe
Rogan boxes and I'm putting that shit in
my fucking mancave yeah everybody should
have an isolation tank it's a it's a
fucking beautiful thing to have man it's
just it it settles your mind like
nothing else yeah that's that's the
thing that I always struggle with is
just too many I got too many tabs open
of course
at all times those comics do yeah and
the only thing that slows me down is
video games and puzzles puzzles yeah
jigsaw and Sudoku those like those are
the three things that I can do that I
know immediately the moment I start the
activity everything closes and I'm just
focused
one thing that's the only thing that I
can do when I need to get my mind off of
stuff I was dating this girl on time and
you know you're not you're in the middle
of an argument and so you're trying not
to you try not to be a dick in the
moment so I just start doing the puzzle
just trying to stay calm and the she
walks over and just start undoing the
puzzle sign that's a sign of someone's
intentions when some are you aren't
doing your puzzle like oh this is my
place this is the one place I can go in
just mm be late now yeah yeah that's bad
intentions
that's that's like seriously bad
intentions someone's trying to undo your
puzzle yeah that's some shitty kids
we'll fight to the death over that it's
my safe place it's like when we smoker
so you fucking up there huh well I
understand that yeah yeah that's that's
the one thing ever you know with her
anymore
no no no you know I crashed that you
can't help I'll take responsibility on
them we get puzzles that's my theme
puzzles and a little bit of video again
and batting cages I'd love to have
morals in it that would be amazing
you need a lot of space you need like
yes le yard yeah I'm in New York right
now there's nowhere to put if you live
in the city yeah there's no do you like
living in the city no why are you there
because de Lucia I thought about it at
first but then I had a kid the same year
I got the show so I needed to be closer
so we got to Harlem so Harlem is at
least a shorter commute to the studio
how far it where's the studio studios on
the side hills kitchen on the water so
it's like 53rd 54th Street and we're
liking the 130s too bad no way yeah it's
closer than Brooklyn right which was
where I was originally when I first got
to New York like the subway from
Brooklyn yeah tried to be a city boy the
problem is that I've gotten more done
career-wise in New York in four years
than I did the eight years I was in LA
yeah because of the show yeah it's just
New York is just more I just there's
more of a hustle mentality really yeah I
think so
I think that I'm more prone to run into
comics that are going going going going
going and so when you're around that it
makes you want to go it makes you want
to write because you see so I'm still
working on a little bit and doing all of
that and I didn't see as much of that in
LA now granted you don't get to do as
many sets in LA cuz of the logistics of
the city but I just felt like there was
more of a Go Go Go mentality that just
rubs off on you more letters because of
that you don't get to socialize all of
my friends are in LA so a lot of social
relationships have suffered because New
York is go-go-go
think you're trying to get the next
career thing done and then you also got
to go home and be a dad yeah that's it's
gotta be weird raising kids in LA or in
New York too rather I talked to Gaffigan
about that he's raised all his kids in
New York City yeah they're in like
Manhattan are they in Jersey where
Manhattan
he's been Manhattan forever yeah I don't
I don't know if that's something not for
the long run how old you kid that's
three now so yeah he's young enough so
that you know it it will leave him come
on back out to LA right either LA or I
would go to Atlanta Atlanta some shit
Lana's good move Nate bargatze shown us
the recipe was he living it you know
he's I think he's got a place down south
in Atlanta no Nashville like that oh no
chef
yeah listen those are both great cities
if you if you're traveling on the road
all the time and you just need a base
you know yeah look man you look I have a
buddy mine lives outside of Nashville he
fucking takes pictures of his yard salt
green I hear birds chirp and shit you
know yeah you need yard man I grew up
with the yard and you know so that and
then family and it's just it's a I feel
like New York is a great place to go but
it's not a the best place to start
necessarily yeah a sister but I mean
like I start now laying people can start
anywhere I mean it's better starting and
it's better starting there than like a
place that doesn't have much of a scene
like maybe Phoenix Phoenix has like a
little bit of a scene but oh yeah my
first 9 years we're all southern are we
gonna Road guy at Alabama
I started in Tallahassee and Birmingham
where like in those days like a 98
open-mike that's once a month per city
Wow
so every week if you
to get on you had to get on the ground
go to another fucking City
dude that's commitment so that's the
only way and then we started creating
stages like in the Panhandle like from
Fort Walton over to Jacksonville you
started meeting like yeah you form a
little we can network mm-hmm and this
guy's got a Monday night at a shithole
this guy's got a Tuesday night in
another shithole and looking back on it
it was all trash stage time that's the
best you could do until you move it is
amazing though how many guys have
crafted careers just doing that like the
will the will to do do time and define
spots and the find place to work out I
would make the argument that I'm better
off now as a comic twenty years in
having started on the road instead of
starting in a major market just because
I feel like when you're a road guy you
meet every version of what your career
could end up being when you're young
because if you're if you're San Fran if
you're a big city comic you're only
hanging with your peers you run into the
big wigs every now and then but it's
some high and bye bullshit at the comedy
club and then they go on their way but
when you do a weekend with Ron White and
you get to watch them properly night
after night after night that's a fuckin
tutorial yeah and that's a fuckin gift
and then you can do a weekend the very
next weekend with a guy who's been doing
it 30 years hadn't written a new joke in
15 Burnout alcoholic hates his kids
hates his wife and once I got to LA you
start seeing well no I know to avoid
that because I'll end up like that dude
yeah I know not to do that because I'll
end up like that that was a comic god
damn I can't name names there was a
comic that used to he won custody of his
child and the one thing in the court
order was that she could not be around
the comedy club so you know what he did
fucking brought her around the comedy
club so as his feature I watched his
seven year old while he will go out and
do his set oh Jesus yeah but that little
a custody of his kid because of that I
don't know I haven't seen him
fuck you can't bring you kids seven year
old I brought my kids when they were
like nine and seven outside a comedy
club and I he can it was at The Improv
in Irvine and I said because we were all
down there having dinner together and I
did my show and they they were like
right around the corner I said come on
let me take you backstage I'll show what
it's like and the show was about to
start and I had my daughter like come on
peek out peek out there she's like oh my
God look at all those people on stage I
was like over on stage should I know
don't run on stage come back and yeah
that's safe that's safe but but have
them listening to your shit know what
that taught me was the importance of how
important it is who you end up with as
it relates to your career I was it can
choke your career cause a lot of the
guys that I started with you know a lot
of road guys they're not doing it
anymore or they're doing it at the same
level that they were 98 and a lot of
them I can point to dating the wrong
person who attacked their psyche and
their self-esteem in that degree
four-year window because I feel like
every year you get another opportunity
to skip a level right right and if you
don't skip that level you go back down
to levels and so these guys are trying
to go from here to here and you're with
someone that's attacked why are you
doing that you shouldn't be doing that
you know there was a guy that used to
take me on the road with him down south
kinda on some mentorship type shit and
we would go to gigs and if it was within
four hours the city his wife would roll
his wife would roll and both kids are in
the backseat car seat age and it's like
9 o'clock in Georgia and we're just
riding together to a fucking gig we
would do the show and then in exchange
for an opportunity for stage time I
would drive this family back home and
then I would go home and sleep in my bed
but we didn't spend the night the family
would stay at the hotel while we did the
show and then we would get back in the
car and drive the fuck back home knowing
what I know now he was fucking chicks on
the road
and the only way she was comfortable
with him still doing stand-up was if she
got the role interesting and that's
gotta be stressful he fucked up he
fucked up but he tried to have both he
tried to say both he tried to save the
career and tried to save the marriage
yeah and I think who you deal with
outside the business is as important as
how you handle yourself in the business
I understand that one I understand her
more than I understand the lady who's on
doing your puzzle a woman solution mine
that makes sense yeah she's trying to
figure out a prop what is probably you
still want to do comedy or I'm coming
with you
that makes sense you shouldn't have a
three-year-old on a car seat for eight
hours on a nothing's day night no no no
I'm just cruising the freeway yeah but
if that's the proposition she presents
to you in order for you to continue
doing your career then you know you
either got to take it or leave it
the comedies a tricky one man because in
order to do it correctly you have to do
it almost all the time you got to be up
all the time I got a good situation
where my kids are in bed by like you
know eight o'clock on a weeknight and
that's when I leave yeah I kiss him
goodnight you know and my spots at the
store usually around 10:00 so I'll just
roll in you know yeah I'll hang up my
wife for a little bit then I'll drive
into town it's perfect but when do you
eval sets cuz that's where I start
running into overlap in time is figuring
out the execution of comedy versus the
preparation to do comedy mmm so
reviewing the sets watching tapes well a
big one that out yeah a big one for me
is the drive there and home so it's 35
minutes to the store 35 minutes home so
that's when I'm reviewing material I
listen to recordings so they have it
bluetooth on my phone so I do that
through the speakers of the car and that
helps a lot that helps a lot that's
gigantic you know like it also puts me
into mind I feel like the more sets you
do right the tighter your stand-up is
but the more focus you put on your set
like it's almost as good as like a half
a set like listening to a full set is
like doing a half a set that's how I
think
it feel like the same way you find all
the extra you found all the fat to trim
yeah you find the fat to trim and you
also find like a spark like oh why did I
say that oh there might be something
there and yeah and then you got to write
that down and then and then I spent time
just going over scribbles like right
here you know like straight Pride Parade
okay scribbles you know what I mean like
okay what it was I think in there oh
that's right that's right right and then
I'll start adding stuff together and
then I spend time just straight out
writing this straight out writing times
almost always when everyone's asleep so
when I come home from the store it's
like midnight or something like that
everyone is to the best time spark up a
joint fire up the old fucking laptop and
that's why right there's there's a time
the thing that I struggle with the most
writing is consumption Chappelle says
something years ago in a magazine about
how every comedian needs to understand
how their joke machine works and
identifying the stimuli that you were
encountering during the time when you're
having a creative high in your in the
writing cycle when ideas are just
popping and coming to you document what
was happening what was going on during
that time and do your best to recreate
those situations and scenarios to
inspire writing when you have writer's
block so I know for me it's stuff that
bores me or stuff that annoys me mmm be
it reading magazines TV whatever so I
have to find time to watch it that I
don't like or can't stand because I know
my mind will wander into a place where I
can write some stuff but like to
physically just sit and consume
television and that's what I have to
start doing on the go like I get it not
like I used to think these people were
stupid and now I'm one of those people
who walks around staring at the fucking
phone watching my DVR on the train or
something because I have to constantly
take in so that when it is time to write
that there's something that there's
something worth writing there I had a
conversation with Theo von about this
last night where he he's burnt out and
he had to cancel some shows and I said
what's going on and he said man he goes
I just been going too hard too hard too
much too many weekends you know nine
shows a week over and over and over
again
seven eight nine ten weeks in a row he
goes I just I need this type of goes I'm
not taking anything in recovery he goes
everything I'm putting I'm just putting
everything out because I had nothing to
say
everything seems fake when I'm saying it
like I feel I felt you know that you
know you laughing felt that spot where
you feel like everything you're saying
feels fake yeah like you're just
bullshitting yeah I'm trying to I'm
still working on a lot more stuff that
has more teeth to it and I'm starting to
become obsessed isn't the word but
there's something noodling at me about
veterans and the trajectory of veterans
when they come back from war and all
that shit and I was trying to work on a
bit about Vietnam and started watching
this Ken Burns documentary that's on
Netflix right now and it's like it's
fucking great like they they interviewed
North Vietnamese soldiers as well ain't
never I never in my life seen no shit
like because normally Vietnam is always
told from our POV and they're sitting
down with just straight out via Carla
yeah we was trying to get them on fuck
this we set them up like unremorseful in
the sense of speaking about the war from
their perspective and going and and it
tells the story from both sides and so
it changed altered how I want to tell
the joke and that's the stuff that you
have to do from time to time to make
sure that your jokes aren't weighted to
one you know to one side that's black
level material man if you're gonna make
some jokes about war and Vietnam and
soldiers and soldiers returning you're
just you're entering into the trickiest
of balancing beams that's where the
reward that's that Gabby Douglas double
triple
I'm sorry Simone biles pardon yeah I
said Simone what did she do
I don't know someday I'll make a legal
in competition next year because black
woman it's like with surya bonaly was
figure skating and she did a backflip on
the ice and they were like yeah no more
backflips they said no more back yeah
they were like no yeah this French chick
did a backflip and immediately the ILC
was like no more backflips it was too
amazing it was too good maybe they were
worried about like those BMX dudes
vmx dudes they started doing double
flips and then they started doing flips
triple flips yeah a bunch of us are
crashing and breaking their necks
fucking snowboard shit
that's insane rising yeah freestyle
you're stuck on that thing - it's not
like skis where your legs move that went
in a snowmobile we're coming over the
handlebars of the snowmobile and coming
back down oh man oh man
yeah know anything with BMX bikes or
motocross or any of those crazy white
dudes that are doing flips it's all just
do how many flips can you do landing on
your front tire and the directs man I
spent an hour one night just watching
Rex just watching guys trying to do
flips and land wrong picture
pound fractures this is a birth of big
air 34:30 where he talked about a new
start at that shit in the 80s Oklahoma
and they were just doing it for the love
like it's just a dude with a ramp in his
yard and just work travel no email no
nothing just word of mouth
does a dude with a ramp so when we're
entitled to do that race we're gonna go
over to this dudes yard dangerous shit
you had to be like a trapeze guy like
before there was motocross and bikes and
shit what did you do like if you a crazy
person you had to be a trapeze guy yeah
well reopens you didn't have with me
with skateboarding skateboarding wasn't
really they weren't thrashing like that
in Hades you know they were just rolling
around like assholes like you're the
craziest shit they did is getting a pool
we're in a bottom of a pool this is nuts
man we're on the edge the shit they do
like kids like in general
athletics wise like the stuff they're
doing now like you've seeded in
jiu-jitsu and an MMA the kids that are
coming up now they're so advanced and
they're they're all doing flying
triangles and flying arm bars on each
other
god damn the humans are evolving so I
came up playing baseball
is there a are there certain Manute like
in baseball before you turn like 15 I
think they try to limit you throwing
breaking balls because it'll fuck with
you um no Bo
Tommy John and all this
so are there MMA moves where you just as
a child you just you're not allowed to
do this yet you have to be a grown man
leg locks as a beginner they generally
try to get you to stay the fuck away
from leg locks because leg locks I know
if you're familiar like heel hooks
there's there's techniques that you do
that are going against the edge of your
knee so like here's your knee your knee
bends like this right there going again
it's at this one trying to bend it back
that way and it's just you does not much
give in your knees man and so when you
get a heel hook it's like your leg your
leg is like in front of like wrapped
around a guy they've got their heel but
trapped like this and they're pulling on
your knee sideways and your knee just
gets ripped apart and it happens it's
very very common that guys get knee
injuries from being overzealous and not
not not like giving a guy a chance to
get out of a technique there's a heel
hook right there see that guy screaming
this fuck yeah bro I'm telling you it is
some fucking horrific pain you get apart
you fucking ligaments pop you know it's
it's a terrible terrible feeling and yet
at SAS there's not much room for getting
an armbar this like your arm is locked
out you could kind of take it a little
bit before you have to tap but with your
knee the moment you feel pain it's too
late your shits yeah look at that right
there
whoa look how bad that's Dean Lister
Dean Lister is a fucking gorilla that
dude on the bottom he's like one of the
leg lock pioneers in jujitsu he's fucked
up many a dudes future walking I'll say
this about MMA it's definitely leveled
bar fights oh yeah a little bit more now
I've seen some scrawny guys like really
fuck up big dude that know what they're
doing yeah like it and you just see the
day and it's funny because there's all
the shit talking before the fight and
then the fight starts and then of course
the big dude is like tapping and the
scrawny dude is still going I'm like
dude there's no ref you're you're at a
bar like this isn't you don't get to tap
out you get your shit broken yeah
there's a lot of people to get in fights
that don't know what they're doing it's
restraint it's like imagine if you
challenge the guy to a basketball game
we've never
played basketball be ridiculous like I
know how to do it I've watched it on TV
but there's a lot of people that will do
that with fights but the consequences of
a fighter way more grave the consequence
of a basketball game somebody kicks your
ass in basketball you just look like a
fool somebody kicks your ass in a fight
you're you you're getting fucked up
maybe permanently maybe your face is
gonna be scarred up for life and I ain't
no fighter man I'm a one in one lifetime
oh one in one-one draw we have with the
draw teacher showed up I got in a fight
I'm gonna fight in the 8th grader to
stop the violence rally no because I
figured that'd be the best place to talk
shit what's a better spot to talk your
shit then at a stop the violence rally
because someone will come in and go hey
man right let's not do we brothers yeah
Mario Brown slept the shit out of me
Mario Brown where yeah Mario Brown is
Air Force retired to this day now but on
that day the worst you take your ill in
front of everybody
oh that's a hard one that's a hard al
yeah get off on that one wrong no I
didn't know how to fight at all until I
learned how to fight I was terrified of
fights I never it never never never was
the guy who I was just trying to get
away from everybody because I grew up in
different places we moved around a lot
when I was a kid so I didn't grow up
like with a bunch of friends where
everybody knew everybody like I was
always the new kid so you always had to
always always and so then when I was 14
I was like all right fuck this I moved
to a new city new new town and I was
like I got to learn how to fight started
started taking martial arts I just
became obsessed with it did you teach
your kids yeah yeah I teach them but
they're not into it anymore
they they were into it for a little
while but they liked doing other stuff
mostly gymnastics and shit but the are
you teaching them did you think today
because I'm trying to silo my son you
know how to approach self-defense how is
3 he's 3
early but it's not it's not a bad thing
to get it to be a part of his body when
he's really young like daughter start
when she was five but the question
becomes about teaching proper conflict
resolution mm-hmm because also I'm wired
a little weird in a sense that I feel
like because he's a black kid he's not
gonna get judged the same if he throws
the first punch so I don't want him in a
position where he might get expelled or
you know but if you got to get a
motherfucker off you right going on bend
at me sideways yeah well that's the
beautiful thing about kids learn jujitsu
too is they also they're really used to
conflict because you have conflict in
the gym all the time not conflict in a
negative way but when you're sparring
you know you slap hands and you just do
it and you go full blast you're trying
to get each other as hard as you can and
you can do that in jiu-jitsu because
you're not hitting each other you're
just choking each other and getting an
arm bars and then when something gets
you just tap and then you move on to the
next thing and the the thing about doing
that is then you're not worried about
conflict it doesn't seem as scary to you
like for me until I started learning
martial arts I was fucking terrified of
everybody I thought everybody was gonna
kick my ass like fuck I was like every
I'd see some dude that bullied me in my
shit and I'd go around the whole
opposite way of school I walked the
total way around the school to get to
the bus knows how much Laura was there
15 extra minutes I didn't care I had to
walk 20 extra minutes home if I didn't
want to cut through the south part
projects because there was a student
Spencer that was always every week for
sure don't give me the damn business
oh those people ruin your lives every
week like they would sit on the porch
and watch me walk in the corner store
and then we'll come and take my fucking
now laters and laughing deficit and mind
you I've set aside lunch my I ate less
at lunch so I could eat candy and chips
on the way home then able stat shit
right on my only thing saved me growing
up I had to add a good ass basketball
goal so all the gangbangers in the
neighborhood will come to our yard to
shoot ball so I essentially learned
every every terrible person in my
neighborhood shot ball at my house so
you can't fuck with me because then you
won't be able to shoot ball oh that's
nice
so I don't know if my mom did that by
design I know she did it to keep me from
going up to Powderly Park to shoot ball
where you know that's why the bullshit
will go down but all the bullshit came
to her house but out of respect to my
mom and my dad like they never started
shit and I just walk around a
neighborhood perfectly fine now at
school I could still get fucked with but
on the walk home it was gravy that's
very nice
once she got the best well that was good
that's very nice yeah it's hard kid
who's really mean who's like bullying
you in high school and junior high
school and that could fuck people's
whole lives up sometimes people never
recover from that shed you know it's a
natural inclination that people have to
fuck with someone's scared week too did
you see it in animals man you see in
dogs animals that's what we forget like
clothes and automobiles of civilizer ZnO
it's still I'm trying to take your woman
and reproduce and I'm trying to fucking
spread my genes and I'm gonna take your
food like that's yep the basic of
bullying is that mm-hmm
yeah it's its nature and it forces you
to overcome because almost every fighter
that I've ever met professional fighter
was fucked with George st. Pierre who's
like one of the greatest of all time
told the story on the podcast about he
was driving his Range Rover when he was
world champion through Montreal and he
saw this homeless guy and the homeless
guy was his bully in high school they
realized he was like whoa I was like
what's going on man what are you doing
and like talk to the guy and try to make
amends with the guy and help him out a
little bit it's like fuck man this is
his bully in high school when you
realize like most people that are
causing pain and inflicting pain on
people dairy in pain man that's why
they're doing it you know it's like
victims you know the victims of crimes
oftentimes perpetrate those crimes on
other people that happens when kids get
abused at home they get beaten at home
they're the ones wound up beating kids
up at school you know they just they
want to dish out that violence on
someone smaller than them because
they're getting it dished out on them by
someone feel some power yeah man I mean
the that's that's the constant victim
narrative but on the other hand families
of people that grow up that are martial
artists like like all the kids know how
to fight they're the nicest friendliest
people they don't worry about it it's
not the thing that fucks with their head
like for me I knew I didn't know how to
fight it was scary so like every time
someone fuck with me I get away I can't
fight I don't know what I'm doing some
dude got me in a headlock and threw me
down on the ground and was gonna punch
me in the face I'll never forget this
like I forget what was happening we were
talking we like I said something he said
something stupid to me I said something
stupid back to him then he just got me
in a headlock and threw me on the ground
and he held me like that he was gonna
punch his like nano you got a bother
I'm just sitting there going god damn
and I'm helpless locked up in a headlock
of this dude on top of me going fuck and
the only is only his mercy that he
didn't punch my fucking face in or he
didn't want to get suspended or whatever
and I remember going that's it I'm gonna
learn how to fight this is ridiculous do
you do you ever run into the people from
your past who have a revisionist history
on y'all's relationship I mean not too
much because the only people that I'm
friends with from back then I'm actually
good friends with that I was friends
with when I was growing up like a couple
of buddies but most people I don't most
I never bought a ticket to your show and
came up to the time I was in high school
that's that's the only people that are
still I'm in contact with anymore I had
already gotten balls deep in martial
arts like my first year of high school
so by like halfway into high school I
was already crazy
I was already competing and traveling
all over the place and so it was but I
do run it if people have fake stories I
run into people that tell me things that
happen every time we're at a party you
kicked that dude in the hand like dude I
never kicked anybody never happened
hundred percent definitely never
happened I never went to a party beat
anybody's ass never with that memory do
you correct him correct him I'm like I
never fought anybody some dude was
telling me some story about some guy
told him that one time we were on the
street and some guys across the street
would talk of shit and I went across the
street and kick both of them the head
and like
that never happened never happened i'ma
guarantee you it never happened because
the last I was in a street fight I was
like 15 I'm like this never happened
this is not a true story I'm the
opposite man people come to me with shit
that I don't remember I just let them
have it
if that's your memory of us in college
fine whatever it's weird though right
you know it's happened when you
definitely know look I know for a fact I
was never in any street fights outside
of high school I had a professor from
college accused me in a phase in a
facebook thread of something there's
some article about me and like all the
other alumni are commenting on it and
one of the professors I remember in 1994
when you said this thing to me in class
and stormed out of class I'm like I
didn't enroll until 96 but I didn't say
that I just
I literally just apologized like because
she's clearly been mad at me all of this
time about something that I didn't even
do and I'm just saying there's nothing I
can say there's that's your narrative
fine you know what I'm sorry for the
shit that I didn't do what all peaceful
but but then she replies on a net well
thank you it means a lot and whatever so
in my weird arrogant brain I've freed
her of her anger or whatever the fuck it
is she thought I did that's very cool of
you that's a great approach I just don't
feel like going back and forth that's a
great approach it's it's so much easier
to evade I'm more of an invader and a
schemer than a fighter I'm not gonna
argue with you and go back and forth but
what I will try and figure out a way to
do is over the next two years
diabolically dismantle anything you
stand for and believe in like that's
that's my approach to think like there's
a comedy club owner that God is my
witness before I die I'm opening a
comedy club across the street I've heard
the stories it's one of the Carolinas
you know corners we have such a
complicated relationship with them
because we need them and we don't want
to do
I don't want to fucking run a goddamn
comedy club but we need one you know to
have some guys dealing with a bunch of
maniacs like us day-in day-out every
week coming in and telling jokes getting
drunk and smoking weed in the green room
and all the chaos this is essential to
the artform yeah the existence of the
comedy club is essential 100% you ever
get scared that the young people don't
really go to clubs
don't fuck with clubs yes yes I do
it's gonna change the business model
like in the next decade well one of the
beautiful things about comedy clubs
though is that we all use them like even
if you're doing arenas like you use
comedy clubs you use comedy clubs to
exercise like Chappelle comes in all the
time does the belly room that's a 70
seat room dude your strolls on in it'll
be half into it yep and he'll do forty
fucking minutes and that is so critical
man it's so it's so important to get
that work in that's why I don't like
when a lot of the vets attack the as
they call them Instagram comedians they
get mad at them because the club will
book them and they'll go well the live
shit was trashed it's terrible and it's
true for most of them it's not the
greatest performance because they
haven't had the chops yet yeah but they
sold 300 pay tickets and everybody ate
and drank what do you think is keeping
the lights on for your 30% selling
capacity as to come back in next year
yeah and the next year to go from 30%
Sol to 40% sold they're not making no
money off it uhmm but if these IG
comedians can come in and at least help
keep the lights on I think in the
greater in the greater scheme of comedy
there's more good than bad I agree that
comes from that and I also feel like
there's there's a there's a level of
ignoring the tools that they've been
able to use to get an audience in lieu
of the fact that they don't put a new
stand up on TV anymore let's it's
contest shit Comedy Central just started
with the things that put the laugh at
the seller shit but other than that I
mean it hasn't been a lot well no one's
even watching TV anymore
I mean the numbers on regular TV
programs are so low now like if you're
doing a set
Coenen like what is what did we win over
this right like the numbers are like
less than 400,000 people watch it a
night
yeah that's a lot that might be laughs
plus three yeah stop with it I might not
even be just lying there might be life
plus DVR yeah next three it's crazy so
no one's watching anything anymore if
you can get onto a stage the way I feel
about Instagram comedians or YouTube
comedians is if you're doing stand-up
you're a comic you might be a shitty
comic and you might be a famous shitty
comic because you're famous from vine or
whatever the fuck it is but who you're a
comic like it's whether or not you
decide to become a real comic and
actually do the work and put in the time
and then one day be look I hope we see
these YouTube comics and they're fucking
terrible and then you go to see them
seven eight years later and they're
murdering they're crushing
great timing they're eight premises I'm
like we got one we got one we need more
this is a hard gig think about what you
had to do when you were starting think
about you traveling around all those
fucking things getting on a bus to do
open mics here to open mic once a month
that takes a kind of grit and resolve
that most people don't but this shit is
like hazing where the old heads feel
like well they didn't suffer the way I
suffered
therefore your success is invalid I
don't take that you didn't do it the way
I did it this is the only way to do it
the game evolved that's the points of
access it's like it's like comedy is
like to me it's like a fucking grocery
store you've been in line you've been in
this checkout line and then a new
checkout line opens and then all these
fuckers just cruise through that
checkout and you're still stuck yes in
the same waiting to get a Tonight Show
set line and the Instagram line opens
and people just start whisking through
to success and you don't know whether or
not to change lines or stay in this one
you know the beautiful thing about
comedy is you don't have to get out of
the line you just open up a new line
open up an Instagram line open number
YouTube lon you can do all those things
and waiting in line as long as me so why
do they get to leave the store you know
you have that jealousy that little piece
of jealousy when someone has not been in
line as long as you leaves the grocery
store before you that's comedy now it is
but it's wasted energy you can't think
about that you can't like you should
think about that the same way you think
about someone having success
in some field that has nothing to do
with yours like if someone is a Nobel
prize-winning scientist like fuck I
could have done that yeah but you did
it's really the same thing just thought
of that
yeah it has nothing to do but some
people are like that some people see
someone with like a start-up some
internet startup and it makes a billion
dollars they get angry they get angry
because but don't go fucking do
something don't worry about what other
people are doing it's a giant waste of
your energy you know I read a book rebel
without a crew I think it's armed
I think Rich Rodriguez I think his thing
is his name and he was a filmmaker and
he made the I can't remember the name of
the movie but it was the prequel to what
became desperado oh yes yeah and you
talked about just shooting that shit
gorilla and for essentially pennies less
than ten thousand dollars shot a whole
last film and walks through how we cut
the corners and then you think of how to
shot paranormal activity for like fifty
five thousand dollars fifty or sixty
thousand dollars the first paranormal
activity was dirt cheap they shot the
first saw for a million dollars in 30
days in one building whoa every and
every scene in the car they're just
shaking the fucking camera and jump
cutting billion-dollar franchise getting
reboot it now like that like what I see
shit like that I don't get jealous I go
oh fuck I need to go and fucking gorilla
some shit together yeah so that's why I
started trying to learn like in video
editing audio editing and all that shit
man so yeah no I was inspiring I loved
when I walked in the green when I saw
you fucking with that software I love
when people were hustling when they're
doing things like that learning new
things and you're like you know what
fuck this Final Cut Pro shit I'm gonna
learn a Adobe Premiere they keep fucking
with me making me buy a new version
every year yeah now to be fair Adobe
makes you rent the shit but I think
there's a way to Microsoft does that too
now with like office yeah a whole office
we eighty dollars a year there's so many
cookies yes - it just Krupps crooks and
then you can't use the old version of
office we can do and if I send you a
file that's like office oh three you
can't open it with the new
off like it opens as a text file with no
form like they do it to fuck you I
barely use office I use it I have it but
I write with right room for the most
part do you know what that is
yeah that's grip software it's no it's
uh it's a software that turns your whole
screen black and then turns the text
green and you can't access your browser
you can't do nothing
you just have green software have you
ever seen it no Oh ms-dos code
interaction yeah on uh on my Windows
computer I use a I use a program called
Scrivener I do most of my writing on
that and there's a distraction-free
option there that's what it looks like
that's a matrix in yes I write like I'm
in the matrix that's hot right when I'm
um I went my Mac because I think they
have a version of that they don't they
have a version of that for Windows I
think they do but I've never really
installed it I just use yeah I need to
yes Mac OS doesn't say anything about
Windows I heard a story that they wrote
the first Independence Day movie in
three days in a hotel room make sense
just focusing in like that type of shit
which is helped me focus if you had a
lot of coffee or some adderall or
something like that you dumb action
movie three days easy you can go crazy
yeah there's a guerilla style shit man
is that's how this podcast got started
this part this podcast reaches some
stupendous number of people every month
and it started out with a laptop in my
living room because I was bored me and
my friend Brian because I just gotten
back from Colorado mm-hmm and I'm I was
like yeah I can't believe I'm back in LA
this is fucking terrible I'm like well
let me do something and so I just
started doing like q and A's um like a
like a laptop talking to people on
Ustream yeah yeah that's the one thing I
wish I could have back I wish I had
taken YouTube more seriously you take
seriously right now though I do now but
not in 2005 when it first came yeah but
does not 10 just start rolling now see
that's the same thing you were
complaining about before no I'm just
it's the wish that I have done something
that's what your career is is that man
miss suna then it's two things I
would've done sooner they took an
Internet more seriously and I would have
taken some mores advice and not gotten
on TV for 10 years I don't think any
comment can do it though I think it is
impossible to be a working comic and
stay off of the if you stayed off of
television for Tim if you start at your
career and just never ditch it no
festivals just crush crush crush crush
you become fucking the legend that by
the time you finally decide you're like
a college quarterback that just stays in
college years and years and years and
never enters the draft by the time you
do then everything is stratosphere but
there's too much money as too many
offers well you know who did that Joey
Diaz Joey Diaz didn't do any stand-up
comedy on TV until like 15 20 years in
yeah he was crushing for that but Joey
also I think is from a different cloth
where he wasn't seeking that Audi that
he was dead well she was seeking out
they were scared of him you know he was
talking about eating ass and taking in
the muffler and yeah he talks crazy but
I think I have a different perspective I
think their song I have a bunch of old
sets for me when I was when I was on TV
I was doing comedy like five years
four years they're terrible yeah but the
good thing about it is they exist and
it's lets you see like look this was in
the beginning I was talking terrible but
just keep going just keep working at it
keep working on it you get better you
know like I'm not under any illusion
that I didn't used to suck I try to talk
about it as much as possible I was
terrible when I first started if you're
okay with that being out I don't give a
fuck dude I've been digging into crates
I've been digitizing a lot of my old VHS
shit trying to you know just for
posterity and going through some of my
old fucking TV they're all terrible like
the Letterman said is probably the only
thing the Letterman and Def Jam said and
oh six those are the only two that still
to this day will go I still stand beside
those jokes everything before that
premium blend starsurge last comment and
then Apollo
comic view all of it unlike Barry that
shit my biggest fear
is becoming famous whatever the fuck
that is and then bTW just rolling out
some sort of remember when fucking
thread you just use all the black comics
it uses up twenty years ago just going
no that's who you were that's that's
part of the process yeah like not lights
a process I don't care I'm fine with it
the problem is that the gatekeepers that
decide stuff they only want the newest
shiny thing so if they see you disowning
that's problem right that's the only
problem you don't need those fucks you
don't need gatekeepers internet the
Internet has no gatekeepers they have
people that are podcast to get you on
their podcast you do your own podcast
you put out a lot of content
no gatekeeper but the problem with is
that it takes comics discovering it
because the problem is a young comic is
that you inherit the goals of your
predecessors so as a young comic
especially as a road comic every road
comic is trying to get on TV so they
make you believe TV this is where you
need to be going don't fuck that YouTube
shit little nigga tell you right now you
got to get on goddamn Letterman you get
on Letterman and then you get the show I
got on Letterman and is not a knock on
Letterman and it's worth as a credit but
the worth of a late-night credit in 2006
versus 1996 it's not the same currency
no there was a deflation in the currency
so it got me more rooms it got me more
money but there was no Ray Romano
fucking here's your career change your
career here's your Kevin J like yeah it
doesn't work like that but the only but
you're chasing what somebody else wanted
and the game is always moving the school
of fish are always so you have to be
ahead of that curve and it's just didn't
listen to the instincts yeah it's hard
to see where it's going though if the
people from your predecessors the the
guys who were successful when you were
coming up where they were headlining and
you were middle and for them that mean
that was the goal the goal was the
tonight show the goal was yet but I
don't think is that hard to see the
future not necessarily see the future
but see the trends of where people what
people are paying attention to I'm
quicker to read Fast Company than I am a
variety or Hollywood Reporter because
we're tech goes that's where people go
but people go they want to laughs
figure out a way with that to integrate
laughter into whatever the new tech of
the net like this tick-tock shit
whatever this seen it but I don't know a
better fucking figure it out really
because that's the next one is it the
next one we brought up tuition maybe
it's music it's musical vine in a way
like it's it's music sketches but it's
still funny it's entertaining so Tom
Segura does it like all the time he's
into it she's okay he's like ironically
doing it but yeah but he doesn't he
doesn't funny she's Tom Segura is
self-aware that he's a guy that
shouldn't be on tick-tock so his
existence on tick-tock is what makes it
funny it makes it but he's ahead he's
ahead he's ahead of that curve so the
other thing that then compounded guys
like me from my generation is that Dane
Cook was one of the first that was like
I'm fuck TV what's over here and so many
people shit it on Dane out of jealousy
that you ignored the fact that his
myspace move was some fucking boss shit
it was it was huge it was huge for
everybody I remember I read People
magazine there was an article about how
he had like 200,000 or 300,000 myspace
friends that's crazy I remember thinking
that is crazy how does he have so many
friends yeah but he was using that and
talking to people online constantly and
rather look at him and see how he did it
you stand in your checkout lane and go
fuck him he got out of the store before
me hmm well I shifted and I started
promoting on it don't say I didn't I'm
just saying a lot of comics like me just
didn't you lean on what you're told
because you look at older comics as
mentors instead of realizing that maybe
they don't have a shit figured out
evening you should be trusting your
instincts he was the first guy right he
was the first guy to really make it
through the internet under digital sigh
yeah hundred percent right I'd say that
I can't think of anybody perform because
I can't think of anything before that
other than my yahoo chat rooms no he was
the first guy he was the first guy in
the first guy for sure that became
famous from my space because my space
was like the first platform yeah social
networking shit yeah his uh his album
sold like two million copies or
something Italian oh my god that's if
you stop and think
how nuts that is today like today a big
artist like if Eminem puts out an album
how many does he sell I'd say four
hundred first week maybe three two oh
four hundred well let's give it a year
say depending on what week you're
releasing right now you could be number
one with like thirty thousand sales whoa
yeah
forty fifty thousand sales boy they just
got it that record business didn't they
that is crazy what happened with the
Internet the internet took out porn and
music by the knees I just have a fucking
neighbor he lived right down the street
like two houses down for me this crazy
porn dude I stood jujitsu with him -
it's all steroid it up and maniac good
Wild Eyes dude just crazy like coke yes
his coke and steroids and he was just
fucking up a storm constantly and
pulling it was like past his house and
he's always had these fat Mercedes
parked in his driveway and also hot
girls and our underwear walking around
was hilarious this dude was a maniac but
then they the internet came around the
internet just gutted his business just
got it and they repossessed his house
I'll never forget man his fucking house
got repossessed and I remember seeing it
in like the real estate section also
fuck man a dude lost his house yeah he
had a fat fucking Rolex with diamonds
all over it porn got really fucked over
but you own you want to talk about the
people selecting what they want to see
that's what's what's a bigger focus
group than people who want to fucking
jackoff right and they've decided I
would rather see somebody in the hood in
their house with no lighting and just
terrible fucking camera work and that's
interesting what it was it is that porn
became free and they just used ad clicks
and they would just pirate everyone's
porn say if you were a porn producer and
you were making a bunch of porn they
would just take your point and put it on
like whatever website and then you would
have to get a lawyer to try to take it
down yeah it was like some LimeWire to
the eightieth power it was like way
worse than gotten the entire business
but you don't think the free side like
the amateur porn oh yes I mean that's
bigger now but in the beginning yes it
was just porn clips getting chopped up
and nobody paying $40 four or five hour
DVD you know what I know that not
I was doing research recently you know
what I noticed there's a lot of like
stepmother porn it's a lot of like
stepmom horny stepmom porn your
stepsister it's all like taboo stuff
it's all it was also a lot of getting
caught porn yes yes yes yes
yeah like the wife walks in you're in
the middle get your dick so yeah why and
it cuts right there yeah yeah there's a
lot of that I did we did a story on
racism and porn for Daily Show and so we
were shooting up in Chatsworth or
whatever what I didn't I learned so much
about the porn industry in that I didn't
know that like they would just have a
fuck house where's like a 8 bedroom
house and every bedroom is this
individual studio set up for whatever
genre it was like at least 5 different
genres of porn being shot in that house
and we're out in the and I in mind you I
still have this image that if you're a
porn star and you're working with a porn
studio there's some bread there's got to
be a little bit of money and one of the
porn stars was is it actress what's the
fucking word no horn actress yeah so one
of the actresses her car is blocking
someone so I thought is give me a keys
I'll go move your car in this car had to
be the most filthy sad is fucking like
to the point where I'm like if this is
what fucking on camera gets you there's
got to be something else out there and
you want to talk about people that need
to see where the curve is I think if
you're a woman in your cool bit doing
porn you're probably better off just
doing it on some self start and shit
than even dealing with any of these LA
crooks in the first place yeah if you
could figure out a way to get an
audience I know there's a lot of dudes
who they run these companies that girls
use where they just people pay to see
their videos like like someone will ask
you
like if you're a porn actress they'll
say hey I want you to use this dildo and
cover your tits whipped cream and I'll
give you 150 bucks and then on some live
stream yeah yeah they make their money
doing that and they'll do that like all
day long and rake in thousands of
dollars yeah just like the food videos
where you sit but naked and eat some
food
going up a virtual date with the person
yeah I think it's butt-naked foodie
sometimes naked sometimes not and like
you haven't it's a lot of that in Asia
yeah a woman's just looking straight at
the camera so anyway today I'm talk to
her doctor it's sometimes it's just a
straight video and you don't get to
interact with it because there's
multiple people watching the feet
concurrently or if you want to pay a
little extra yeah one-on-one I will sit
here and pretend to be on a date with
you and we can and that's just that's
more feeding loneliness then some sort
of erotic desire but no Khalifa was
talking about this shit couple weeks ago
she did she says she only got like 12 K
for the year she only did porn for like
a week right here something like that
[Music]
she put in a solid effort thanks kidding
if you're someone that wants to do porn
you were coming off better just setting
up your webcam like Joe Rogan yeah
day one podcast you and Brian with a
laptop and a microphone and just turning
a webcam on and just doing whatever the
fuck you want to do with yourself then
dealing with the industry yeah and the
record industry's becoming similar to
that too I think so too but I think that
it's hard for them to find an audience
that way there's so much porn like I had
a joke I was doing for a while about why
they making new porn like who is jerk
off to all of it no way anyone has seen
it all but yet they keep making new porn
it's like it's crazy like there's no
demand like there's no demand for new
stuff that's plenty like you would have
to be some kind of crazy creep to have
seen every porn that if ever as ever
existed but it's no different than MMA
there's people innovating is useful
innovating in porn back flipping and POV
in these scenarios breaking their necks
yeah yeah it's uh I think the the cam
thing is the big thing
girls fuck on camera you know they'll
have the boyfriend come over and they'll
fuck him and suck his dick on camera and
you pay to watch and I think that's
that's the big thing and they do private
shows and
like the guy could tell you know you
could tell the girl hey I want you to do
this to him and they'll do it on camera
you know the funniest shit though so
Steve Byrne and I we were in Pittsburgh
and three things lead to another and we
end up in a strip club and it's a
weekend and so a pair I didn't know this
but porn stars tour strip clubs and
they'll go to a strip club on the
weekend and dance and sell whatever
pocket pussy or whatever vagina mole
they have and all of the strippers
fucking but the strip is a coup because
all they bring more people into the club
but for the most part the men are saving
their tip money to tip the porn star
that they came to see so it's like being
a seasoned comic and then the Instagram
comic comes in who's never stripped
before like yeah you fuck on camera but
it's not stripping what I do is an art
what you do is slutty behave because you
know like there's like a beef between
like strippers and prostitutes because
like some strippers are sucking fuck in
the back of the club and it fucks up
money for the rest of the strippers
right that are yeah they're you know
playing the game straight-up right so
there was this weird tension in the
strip club while the porn star was on
stage and I like stripping to me is
performative it's in a weird way it's
common in stripping it's damaged people
entertaining strangers so there's more
of a synergy so I don't really get
anything out of watching the stripper
cause in the back of my head I know
you're thinking about groceries or some
other shit but it was hilarious as a
comic to watch two different same but
different type of people for it's like
the magician versus the stand-up versus
the juggler and how they all kind of
don't really like one another for one
reason or another because they all think
what they do is superlative to the other
guys
craft mm-hmm and it was it was goddamn
it was fucking hilarious
that is a inside scene that only
strippers can really appreciate what
you're talking about you know what I
mean yeah like for them they're like yes
those
bitches real in it coming over here a
bunch of fucking whores there's there's
a couple of strip clubs I used to go to
in Birmingham where like you know the
club will close it too and the police
would leave and then at 3:00 the club it
reopened and then it was open season you
knows whatever you want to do and then
you would see strippers in the parking
lot
yelling at the other strippers who were
choosing to stay for the 3 a.m. session
saying that y'all are messing it up and
that's why nobody comes before - it's
because of what you're doing and so it's
just so so 3 I became like a brothel
yeah yeah it's insane isn't it hilarious
that you could fuck anybody you want for
free and there's not a law about it but
as soon as money gets exchanged you're a
criminal and everybody's mad at you if
you're just a slut no one but if you
want to fuck people for money that
becomes a real problem for people
because people desire sex so much and
there's so many guys that cannot get
laid but they've got some money and if
they find out they could pay for it I
think people like no you can't you can't
pay for it you could pay for everything
everything that's legal everything else
that's legal you could pay for except
sex you could pay to have someone cook
for you you could pay to have someone
rub your back you could pay to have
someone cut your hair you could pay to
have someone mow you want you can pay to
have someone take out your trash you
could pay to have someone clean your
house all things you don't want to do
you can't pay for someone to suck your
dick
you can't that someone could do it for
free if they like you there's no problem
it's very strange
or in exchange for college tuition you
can't even do that if you made like a
deal like you suck my dick and I'll give
you a house people go hey you can't do
that that's prostitution very strange
right I mean think about all the things
we do that we don't want to do but we do
it for money everything's fine yeah
there's no issue even things like you
know I grew up doing terrible
construction jobs I'd never want to do
you know might be better suck a dude's
dick for a thousand bucks then the
leader I will fucking carry cement bags
all day for $400 for a whole week please
at least she got that I used to birthday
jobs faced over day labor when I was in
a
as an MC so I can make more money like
in the one advantage to south had was at
the comedy clubs back then were like
five six day runs work during the yeah
Comedy House Theatre in Columbia South
Carolina used to be a six night room
it was Tuesday through Sunday so I would
get to town Monday night and Tuesday
morning I will go to a day labor spot
get a job assignment and work the whole
week 9:00 to 5:00 oh and then at night
go do my little MC bullshit kids need to
hear this kids coming up they need to
hear this that's important you go that's
real hustling dude well I am I gonna sit
here in a hotel all day and do nothing
when I could go make a quick like
minimum wage is like five and a quarter
it's like the only making 40 bucks but
that was extra money yeah but I counted
on that little extra money and we used
to work submit fucking oh my god there's
a quikrete factory in Columbia South
Carolina and I've worked there I worked
there two weeks at any time I played the
comedy club I worked at the quikrete
factory Wow so did you have to call them
up or do you how do you show that you
show us at 6:00 in the morning with your
with your driver's license and you sign
up and then you sit in the lobby and you
watch the Morning News until your name
is called and then they give you your
job assignment Wow and so you bring
boots you bring a hardhat because you
don't know what you're gonna get you
might get something with a keyboard
you might just be outside holding a stop
slow fucking stop stick while they pave
a road and that's your gig for eight
hours Wow you just stand in the fucking
Carolina heat and just fucking 525 an
hour I'd love stories like this dude
that was my first ten years was just
working day laborer weird jobs to make
extra money and if the gig was under
five hours I would drive back home like
I wouldn't even stay so that I could at
the time I was still working morning
radio so if it was within five hours I
would do morning radio get off the air
at 10:00 be on the road by 11:00 five
hours nap do the show get back in my car
at 10:00 p.m.
five hours back to Birmingham sleep at
the station wake up at 6:00 watch let's
repeat
I can't lose the radio gig because
that's - that was too much of a good kid
right and I was doing prank calls and I
was using the prank calls I was taking
my prank calls at the time and sending
them to other morning show this is
website radio online which kind of
breaks down it's almost like billboard
it's almost like Nielsen or some shit
but for radio and so I would go there
and I would look for other local morning
shows that weren't syndicated in cities
where I wasn't performing and so I would
send my print calls for free to these
morning shows I'm gonna look I'm a comic
here's some free print calls we do in
Birmingham they're not going anywhere
else you wanna air them in Omaha the guy
says yes he's not gettin have shit else
to play on the air so I was in the prank
calls the guy would play - prank calls
for a couple of weeks a couple months
and then I will call the local comedy
club and go hey I want to feature in
your room I'm on the radio and I know I
can get on there and this is when the
belief that radio still could bring
people to the show
so I will call local comedy clubs in
cities where my prank calls were airing
and used that as a leverage to get
booked as a feature instead of an emcee
and so that's how I was able to kind of
jump a level because I was a feature
that was coming in town with the pre
plugged in media access and all of that
shit dude you're a hustler
you're a real hustler I love here and
shit like that that was I really do I
love here in the driving part I love
hearing that get in the day job part
kids need to hear this all you fucking
kids listen to this right now they're
thinking you want to visit a job in show
business this is what comes with it and
that's why you're so good man that the
hustler mentality that's so important
that's so important
you just network you find people that
you can that are as driven as you and
then you just figure out ways to work
together and do shit but comedy is so so
many motherfuckers are lying bro they're
lying
also and you lie you get the leverage
and like it's like so the way I got
hired on radio so at the time the
thought was that this is 2001 I'm out of
college and if I can get on the radio
then that will give me more access in
the city and I can host my own comedy
night by hosting my own comedy night I
can offer money to out-of-towners who
also have comedy nights and do swap out
so I needed to get the radio gig so at
the time they were doing some sort of
contests or some shit who's the funniest
in Birmingham some shit and I missed the
window for the practice and so I knew I
think the long story long story short is
that I go to the radio station I ask the
guy at the time buck Wow who was also 95
7 not the same story but a lot of
different book well ok so I said hey man
I'm a comic I have a degree in
journalism it's a perfect fit fuck with
me and he goes nah we're done with that
we're not gonna have a comic I go ok
cool now I've done enough of a comedy
club in Birmingham to know that on black
weekends the black radio station hosts
the black comedy night on Friday snaked
a lot of t-shirts and all that shit so I
go to the comedy club and I told bruiser
as I said hey I just got hired at 95 7
and they want me to open for deals you
believe this weekend and he goes ok
that's fine
I'll go back to 95 7 I go yo I know you
don't want to fuck with me but I'm
opening for deal this weekend do me a
favor watch my set if I'm funny
put me on Monday morning he goes you got
a deal so I get to the comedy club that
Friday and all I have to do is keep buck
Wow and Bruce airs apart so that me the
one knows right what the fucking lie was
right and Bruce came backstage and you
just if as long as you act like you
belong and you act like the truth is the
truth people will kind of merge in with
that shit and Bruce Cameron goes okay
buck wild you go out and throw the
t-shirts and then you bring up ruin and
I went out and it
seven minutes but fucking crush like
just when you need that one set to go
right in every syllable every fucking
comma it's perfect and I demolished in
front of DL Hughley and I walk offstage
and book while says see you Monday
morning and that's how I got radio it's
just what were you gonna do not fucking
book me I'm already not really working
the comedy club I'm already not hired by
you what is the penalty for this lie is
this lie will this lice in me to jail no
good it's a hustle lie yeah I'm not
saying load your resume with 50
different credits that you don't have
but if you've performed somewhere else
outside of where you're from you have
performed across the country yeah what
you basically did like the comedy
version of a subprime mortgage loan he
sold the house of someone who really
shouldn't be buying a house worked out
he kept the house that's a man I just I
came up man cuz you know I got a
restroom when I was I was 19
so for the credit card front oh we was
still in credit cards in college and
like buying Jean's and all of that shit
so my first two years of stand-up I was
on probation so when you have that I
could have gone to jail this shit could
be a lot worse living in the back of
your mind forever hustling like people
call the house I just like no this is
have no choice I have to fuckin do this
I knew a dude who was one of the
original credit card fraud stirs his
name was international Sal yeah man he
was a dude who used to come to this pool
hall I was at and international Sal was
like he was a real nice guy but he was a
famous loser at gambling and that he
would make millions of dollars on
credit-card fraud he had they had an
organized crime Empire and this would
they would do back in the day remember
they had this transparency like they
would run your card they would put it on
a machine ago just shoot shoot yeah
carbon/carbon Marvin it would take those
carbons people who worked in these
department stores would take the carbons
and sell them to him he would take those
carbons make a totally new credit card
out of
Christ some sort of machine and then
they would distribute them to these guys
they would buy goods with this stuff and
then they would sell the goods and then
guys would come to him in the pool hall
with paper bags filled with cash and all
he wanted to do was gamble on pool and
he could never win and when I'm telling
you never win that guy was playing with
dirty money and he knew it
his head was fucked up he would be
staring that nine ball would be in the
hole and he would be away from it and
you see his hand shaking and Shane just
just fuck it up and hit the rail and
bounce it off and people go no he meant
stick I can't fucking believe he missed
an international Sal could never win he
could never win but he was one of the
original dudes did you find something
from him something very weird just
happened what happened so I'm typing I'm
typing international Sal right and I hit
spacebar right and two things come up
credit card thief and pool player but
when I click to search for that nothing
shows up huh like for instance credit
card thief and it just brings up a bunch
of other stuff about credit card thieves
and other well honestly it might be
because of us
I've never left four but the search
might exist because of us because I know
other international Sal before in him
being a credit card thief he's dead my
friend's mom was actually taking care of
him when he was in hospice he was yet
cancer he died of rectal cancer mouths
damn sound yeah I was bad it was bad
no no sabe Terra is a famous pool player
this international Sal was a lot of
famous boats albutairi
he was one of the original credit card
fraud stirs he went to jail for quite a
long time but and then got out and was
doing the same goddamn thing again was
crazy though is that when you get
arrested
especially for light some white-collar
shit like that like what they don't tell
you about getting arrested is that the
first thing they do is try to pin other
unsolved it on you so before you even
like get a mugshot or anything you just
go sit in a room and they go here are
all the mug shots of other people we are
looking at for similar crimes do you
know any of these motherfuckers then you
get a handwriting sample
and then eight as in like there's and
that's when you find out like oh I was
just a petty fucking teenager that just
took a credit card to get some jeans and
then you start realizing like oh there's
an entire fucking syndicate of shit
happening in this city that I didn't
know anything about they trying to
fucking pin on me and that's when the
fear set in cuz like and you're like
alright well I know I probably won't go
to jail I hope I don't go to jail oh
shit I might go to fucking jail for some
shade didn't do oh they don't care they
do not care that's beside you already a
criminal and that's when I got into
comedy that was the fucking depression
like that was the fucking moment like oh
shit
well Joey Diaz went to jail for armed
kidnapping that's how he got into comedy
he robbed a dude over some coke with a
machine gun taped him to a chair and
shit and then when he was in jail he
learned how to do stand-up that is the
best cold open to a myopic Joey Diaz
gets his biopic it has to start with
duct tape he took pictures together
didn't he put it up on his Instagram he
took pictures with the guy kidnapped
he's like 31 years ago I kidnapped this
cocksucker you know were friends
that's the beautiful thing no man it's a
Redemption and being able to make a
mistake and get back in the mix some of
the greatest most disciplined people
could went to jail because they were
like Bernard Hopkins one of my all-time
favorite boxers yeah he's one of the
greatest middleweight champions of all
time and Bernard Hopkins spent like six
years in jail for armed robbery and he
learned how to be disciplined when he
was in jail and when he got out of jail
he not not only did he have like a drive
that other people probably couldn't
comprehend but he knew what would happen
if it went bad again he knew what would
happen if he slid back down that road
again
and apparently like the corrections
officer too said when he was getting out
you'll be right back in here like the
fuck I will be the fuck I will be and he
turned out to be one of the greatest
boxers of all time there he is
Joey's with the guy 32 years ago I made
a mistake so what is that what you
started and showed up to my show 32
years ago I made a mistake so what
that's totally a start it's where you
finish that isn't crazy you know that's
that's what the whole redemption is
about yeah you know
do what you can with your second chance
that's why I just tried to ground man
all this shit as a gif I could have been
in prison disco the reason I get sent to
does not want people to have Redemption
it's interesting this culture today
wants people to be in trouble for things
they did in the past you have to be who
you were 30 years ago yeah we all go to
church and ask for forgiveness
Sunday for an opportunity to be forgiven
for what we were that week well the idea
that knowing that no one gets a chance
to redeem themselves
that's a terrible world like that's one
of the best things about Christianity is
the idea that you have Redemption you
confess your sins and you move on I just
think that it's all new and I think
there will be a I think it's all new I
think there will be a market correction
at some point because as a society we
are obsessed with who you were mm-hmm
credit reports rental history drug
history employment history but when you
sit down with somebody wanting on your
dating history so I can Twitter it's
just racism history or your bad joke
history yeah it's it's it's an
opportunity for the first time as a
society to audit your past behavior when
all we do is judge who you are now based
on who you were that's what our society
is established upon so that's why it
doesn't feel so out of pocket to me that
people know it's a new way to see if you
and me I can literally search your name
plus a word and see if you say it the
word and then I will forgive me yeah
it's no different than a fucking
bankruptcy sitting on your record from I
like how you described it as a market
correction because I think that is
what's gonna happen we're gonna
understand that what we're doing now is
kind of unsustainable like going back
and judging someone on some shit that
happened in high school or whatever it
was and and trying to look at words you
said when you're trying to make a joke
like would happen with Kevin Hart and
yeah apologize for it many times and
then he's hosting the Oscar and they're
like look 10 years ago he said this he's
like look I'm not gonna do this I'm not
gonna do this again
all right apologize for those things I'm
gonna move on sorry and the Oscars got
fucked they want to have a no host now
did we get fucked did the associate
fucker this stand-ups good fuck because
the Emmys don't have a host now either
it's good
I love Sebastian I love Sebastian but
Sebastian made me cry when I was looking
at this fucking video musical world
award he's gonna be amazed yeah he's
hosting that shit and there's some thing
this is what comics do we hold the jobs
nobody wants to make it Sebastian sold
Madison Square Garden out four times
yeah the fuck is he doing hosting the
Video Music Awards you want to sell it
out six why else do it why else do it
let me show it to you before you before
you because in judgment go to go
Sebastian's page there's like a thing
weighs like asking he's asking Jimmy
came out how to do it it's like dog get
out get out of course they're forcing me
to do a bunch of shit that's not good
that's not a brand for him right no it's
not a brand for anybody there no there's
certain who else is gonna roast that
shit who else is gonna show up he's not
gonna roast it he's a nice guy so that's
not gonna roast shit look if you got on
the first promo he roasted himself for
even there in the first place yeah
that's okay but if he will some space
roast people like a Ricky Gervais was
hosting something that's different yeah
and that's a totally and they all get
mad at him and he goes after this is
brand he is cut through everybody
cleansing himself I don't know I just
I've always enjoyed comics being able to
have that to just go to whenever like if
you look at the history of the Oscars
it's almost always stand-ups a lot of
times I just don't give a fuck about
award shows see there it is that's the
truth yeah that's the real truth it's
not even the award
host it's why the fuck we'll be doing
this thing and that's like you would see
Chris Rock prepare for these award shows
I'm like you're Chris Rock you couldn't
pay me to come anywhere near one of
those stupid fucking shows Chris Rock
Chris Rock walked out at the NWA CP
Awards and did a Jesse small angel
nobody else is gonna give you a CI you
laughing look at you enjoying that shots
different no other comic is gonna give
you that that's true work what is the
worst possible thing that can be said in
this room full of black people that hold
him and that shows sacred yeah and he
fucking said right to it
you went right to it
no Kevin would have done that Kevin
would have done that at the Oscars Betty
Murphy would have done it you see Eddie
Murphy when he did that we got the
roulade he went after Bill Cosby yeah
but it was great yeah it was great what
he's talking about they're making him
give him back his awards like yeah yeah
what does who come back from it Oh it's
Jesse small that you can't write yeah
you can come back from Italy like people
are the most forgiving genre of people
are Kelly still sells tickets he did
come back hard though that is amazing
Kelly so tickets time everybody saw the
piss tape he had supporters at his
arraignment in Brooklyn yes
big fat ones yeah black artis so if you
told me just a small they can come back
and telling a lie on the street of
Chicago he say Canada's are Kelly he's
not as good as our Kelly but he can get
cast and some Jesus movie in Egyptian
and it'll parallel and he said not
admitting that anything happened the
problem is that the people that could
give him the redemption are some of the
people whose trustee betrayed that's the
problem is that you started looking at
the lee daniels in the tyler perry's and
you know maybe the ava duvernay DS and
the people that are in that world of
black cinema that could get them back in
into whatever this crossover mainstream
world is right so it's about earning
that trust again but I think there's no
and I'm just saying from personal
experience you know there's no group of
people more forgiving then I think Black
Entertainment I don't think they're ever
gonna forgive him for call himself the
gay to part
I don't think gay people and that's for
gay people to decide I'd like to fuck
fans but definitely what the fuck what
the fuck did you just say yeah he's gone
but then you sit down on somebody's
couch ego yeah that was the old me and
the new me now and then you come out
with your wife you do some selfies on
Instagram kissing yeah but he's not
gonna have a wife boyfriend husband okay
fine whatever it is come out and be
happy and normal in some level of
patrician mm-hmm but would have to he'd
have to like explain the whole thought
process for putting on the hoax
why kept a noose on his neck
I was talking to cops while holding the
subways yes you got to get drug through
the mud yeah come on out get this dragon
and then get back to work and nobody's
gonna care five ten years or not
nobody's going to see a good actor I
thought he was fine on Empire and I
wasn't my cup of tea after a couple of
seasons but I mean is fine show was
entertaining well acted I I never know I
could looking at like some self-produced
Netflix movie where I go how the fuck
did this get on online he's still saying
that he didn't do anything right he's
still saying that he actually got mugged
with it I that's one of those stories
where after he got clear at the first
time I quit clicking the links and then
the city of Chicago started suing when
the city of Chicago decided to sue him
for the cost of the investigation I'm
done yeah there's a certain shit I don't
click on any more injustice male stories
I just is he in a new movie that's the
only thing I need to know yeah I get it
I think I think I honestly feel like
there's a way back Marv Albert was right
people on the back wearing a dress so
there's a way back in entertainment
there's always a way I think there's a
way back for what's his face from the
the fucking what's his name
the the Matt Lauer so way back for that
guy I don't know about justice Malay was
lying on to Nigerians on the curb that's
just hidden that's the narrative but
apparently all those executives had that
button they all had that button the lock
did they use it they grabbed ass dude
they got your top bring that yes they
did I bet they did I bet a lot of them
are sweating out right now they walk
somebody in the room is there a way back
from Matt Lauer
I don't know if it is just a long road
know what the problem Matt Lauer's I was
talking about this last night no
difference male he knows he owned any of
it here's the problem he doesn't do
anything he doesn't do anything that a
regular person can't do he just talks to
people he doesn't do anything he doesn't
sing he doesn't tell jokes he can't
paint so he's replaced now making
motorcycles yeah what do you do so
that's so awesome yeah
do anything that everybody can't do
everything he does anyone can do he's
talking to people that's all he does is
say hi I'm Matt Lauer with Good Morning
America or whatever the fuck the show
was today today the Today Show hello how
are you just talking and he's talking is
the land and non-spicy as possible but
in the in the so you think he's because
they replaced him was it was Carson Daly
was that kind of who they used for a
while on today I know I'm asking I know
you don't watch this shit in the morning
show that was on forever yeah let's go
like 1 o'clock in the morning that no
one watched but it stayed on yeah they
just said a morning show for a long time
too yeah does like special he's been in
a mix oh no yeah that's called making
that up
no no they just matter of fact they just
turn last call over to a new house they
gave it to uh Lilly Singh mmm so there's
I don't know I don't know what because
here's the thing for there to be a path
back there has to be what is what does
redemption and ownership of whatever
you've been accused of look like right
because if you're and this goes back to
the whole redemption conversation is it
about your truth or is it about the
truth of your accusers or is it about
what society perceives you as bright or
the combination of those correct because
if you don't believe if you don't agree
with what your accusers said to you then
you're already fucked because that's
part of the redemption is respecting
their truth even if it's not true to you
and it's not what you believe happened
and what went down when you hit the
church like you did to the teacher
correct
similar correct it's just hey I'm sorry
right not grant I don't know if Matt
Lauer will be saying that sincerely I
was sincere like what can I do to show
attrition to move back because now even
if you've had that with the with your
accusers society at large still gets to
decide because the same ways society
decides who wears the crown I get to
decide who take the crown from sure and
any shit you can do about that right
I mean that's in a fucked up way that's
the game I'll be saved up enough money
he saved over money he made he was
making ungodly something fucking go spin
your money just relax
go spend your money that's ego but
that's ego in feeling like I deserve to
be so you get used to that gig of being
that guy who's on TV hello good morning
everyone welcome to The Today Show today
we have Tom Cruise I'll never forget him
and Tom Cruise arguing over whether or
not Brooke Shields should take
antidepressants that's a real that's a
real clip so crazy yeah yeah they're
arguing over it it's so strange him and
Matt Lauer and Tom Cruise and Tom Cruise
is telling Matt Lauer he's being glib
you're being glib Matt you're being glib
because Matt Matt you know Tom Cruise is
like he's a Scientologist yeah and they
don't they don't believe in
pharmaceutical drugs they don't believe
in antidepressants or psychiatry there
it is right there there's a two of them
mark and Matt Lauer's got that I'm
thinking because I'm holding a pen and
pieces of paper war of the worlds'
that's early acht
yeah it was a big deal was a big deal it
fucked Tom Cruise's career up for a long
time there's people like this guys are
fucking nut what are they talking about
somebody else's business he had talked
about it publicly he had talked about
the mistake that she's making by taking
antidepressants okay so yeah that's
that's and that's all in the game
well psychiatry psychiatry is the enemy
of Scientology they have all these their
big signs that psychiatry kills and it's
like someone with like an electric
fucking shock thing in their head it's
like in Hollywood like they're they're
on this crusade against against
psychiatry it's like a big part of what
Scientology is the thing that makes me
laugh is that I don't see a lot of
southern Scientologists I don't see a
lot of Scientology Florida the big
things in Clearwater audio that's the
number one headquarters in Clearwater
that's my sister lives down there
she lives real close to where the number
of the headquarters is it's fucking
weird down there man everybody just
they're all walking like they got a
secret
do you do you think in this society do
you think Scientology will be the last
religion created like when you really
think about how recent Scientology is
it's like the 1940s or 50s somewhere
like it's roughly the same age just like
United Airlines like it's not an old
religion we have videos of the guy who
made it yeah yeah
will that be the last religion that it's
like created no because every other
religion it's like old school you know
centuries and millenniums old but no
there'll be new ones the interesting
thing is they're probably the last ones
to get task tax exempt status because
their status is being questioned right
now there's people that are very angry
about it but they did it because they
they all started lawsuits against the
IRS and they start thousands of lawsuits
the idea was that they were going to sue
the IRS and to sizing them as a
legitimate religion and the way to do
that was just overwhelm them with
litigation and that's what they did
right that's what they did they then
they achieved tax-exempt status a long
time ago they're they're very it's a
very strange and if you ever read going
clear I saw the yeah yeah it's the doc
is great the book is even crazier cuz
Lawrence Wright goes into depth with all
these different people that look like as
they were realizing that it was
horseshit like as they were getting like
the the ninth level of doom papers open
up in its handwritten nonsense by a
retard like that that guy who wrote it
was a he was self he was like self
diagnosing all of his his own personal
ailments and dealing with them himself
and then trying to like pass that off as
like a way to live amongst all these
people that were paying attention to him
but all of it started for him from
himself diagnosing is it is it natural
for Scientologists and I'm only only
know what I know from that doc and Leah
Remini in lifetime she is it natural to
not be like the way a Christian is just
openly Christian just hey how you doing
the Lord loves you I'm here to tell you
about Jesus I don't really feel like you
get that from science I like normally
like watching that doc I didn't know the
dude from Chicago PD
used to be like the gritty yeah
detective guy yeah so damn I know he
used to be a Scientologist like you
never find out that somebody was
Internet shit until after they're out of
it now I think people keep it tucked
it's not like Mormons where they're
riding the bikes and you know what the
fuck the deal is right yeah now they
keep it tucked in but I think back in
the day they used to talk about it as
openly as pop they've proselytized they
try to get you to join but how like just
interesting to come just try try to get
people to come to these events try to
get people to come to these free
workshops all these different things on
anxiety different things on the mind
Dianetics that's what he just decided to
write about Dianetics and there's like
the science of cleaning your mind and
avoiding all external influences that
are negative and that are ruin your your
perspective and you should be
commercials for that and eighties in 97
I bought it I bought a Dynex book I got
our list with the volcano exploding than
the commercial everybody bought
everything man I bought Tony Robbins
shit about all kind bought book of five
rings I've got fucking art of war I
bought everything I was just trying to
figure out like what's the bet I was
into psychology when I was young because
fighting all the time and I was always
scared so I was trying to figure out
this gotta be a way to like overcome
these mental hurdles like does that was
like for martial arts competition the
big thing was the fear
it wasn't your physical ability wasn't
as much of a hurdle as the fear you know
if the fear of competition was terrible
so I was like it's good but sometimes I
feel confident and it'd be great and
other times it'd be fucking terrified
and like what gotta figure out how to be
consistent so I started getting into all
that kind of stuff and then when I came
to LA it's like in 94 I saw a Dianetics
commercial said fuck it I'll order that
so I got behind the way the questions
you seek the answers to here it is
Kenward said during an operation harm
you later page 182 is it possible to
increase intelligence page 122 I was
like oh my god was a good ad yeah look
at that Ton Ton Ton Dianetics
Brad like a fucking volcano takeover
yeah I was like thinking that I was
going to be able to figure out all my
mental problems through this book
and then I got on the list and like
every week I got some new workshop to go
to or this I just so they're just
mailers mail just mail this is the 90s
that's all they did was just mail you
shit and but oh my god I got someone to
this it wasn't until I moved and one of
the reasons why when I moved I didn't
forward my mail
I contacted because of Dianetics I'd get
so much shit from them that much it was
so much shit it was like letter after
letter more than like the grocery store
also it started freaking me out that
they knew where I was like it bothered
me it bothered me like it bothered me
when I was on a list I was on a list of
someone who bought the book but didn't
go to any classes and they knew where I
was like maybe I could get him maybe
they were just not kind of store hey do
you want to clean up your brain
hey come on we've got the solution don't
you want to be a volcano that's scary
bro yeah that's scary there are a lot of
people get sucked into that man I met
quite a few people that were
Scientologists I was into some of it mmm
I call it that you can do it
motivational stuff I remember in high
school a Junior ROTC commander who used
to used to make us watch this guy I
think his name was Bob mo lot mo w ad
Bob Mowatt if I'm not mistaken here's a
Vietnam vet and he likes survived like a
terrible white phosphorus grenade
accidents and lately got fucked up real
bad in Vietnam but was now doing
motivational speaking and once a month
we would watch videos of this dude and
like it just starts in a way like if you
get into Warren you can kind of start
getting in line with the next in the
next and I think before you know it
that's when you're it's a Dianetics land
before you've realized like you can find
someone that's meaningful with a
meaningful message and then as you
progress more and more it's alright I
agree with less and less of each author
that I'm starting to fuck with and so it
ended up bottom a lot and then like you
think Dave Ramsey started for financial
shit yeah yeah well when I was 21 and I
was first starting do comedy that's when
I was really devouring as much of it as
possible because I was trying to figure
out
how to not be so lazy how to be
motivated how to get shit done and how
to how to like find the correct path and
think about things correctly and so I
that's what I'm really like the mind
exercise mm-hmm yeah I would follow all
this personal power like you had
workshop so you would do like a little
lik notebooks and shit and fill out and
things to talk about and things to
concentrate on like if you did do it it
would help you but really what it's all
about it's just getting your shit
together and moving just go do something
like what you did by taking a job when
you would show up at a gig and you'd be
working there Tuesday through Sunday and
then take a day job and work nine to
five that is more hustle and more hustle
mindset than anything you're ever gonna
get out of an Anthony Robbins book like
that is like just doing it just doing it
makes you do more like do more hardship
makes you do more hard shit yeah
understand that you want it bad so
you're willing to put into work and do
things you don't want to do it's what
makes you have that confidence that you
know how to push through and the the
mentality that I'm the type of do to get
shit done like I'm gonna not gonna waste
my day just sitting around a fucking
hotel room no I'm gonna go to work I'm
gonna work all day I'm gonna drive five
hours and keep that radio gig and then
drive fires and spend ten hours of the
fucking 24 in a day in a goddamn car for
dis gigs Ford Focus just to do gigs keep
that radio kick those things are every
like I had a guy on yesterday that's got
Dan Crenshaw he's a congressman was also
a Navy SEAL we're talking about
mentality I'm like when you went through
buds is it did they teach you how to
think or do they show you by example
they don't teach you how to think they
just show you they hardened you through
all that work and through all that work
through that insane hell week all the
shit that you have to do when you're
going through buds training the six
months of breaking you down and building
you back up they teach you you could do
anything
just by by making you do anything so you
will understand how you can pass your
limits what you thought your limits were
are no longer your limits that's what I
feel like is missing from a lot of
people that are getting into
motivational this motivational that they
ain't doing shit you got to go do
something that's the number one thing
right is fuck
action take action do you believe that
people that aren't as successful as you
think they should be or qualified to be
motivational speakers no no no that yeah
most people who are doing motivational
speaking should stop they should stop
you're just robbing people
you're not even motivated yourself like
I want to say I want to wake you up at 3
o'clock in the morning go come on man
we're going running like let me see let
me see what you do when you're tired let
me see how you push yourself come on man
get up get up again tomorrow get up
again tomorrow get up again tomorrow the
next day get up get up get up get up
keep going how long can you maintain a
positive attitude where's all his
teaching you're teaching people you
can't do shit yourself they need to show
people that you could do it the best
motivational speakers to me are guys
like David Goggins because that that guy
that that's in that fucking that coin
right there that guy does it every day
and he's got videos he just did a
100-mile race the other day put up the
results on Instagram you can see him
showing up 22 hours after the race
starts he finishes 100 miles like those
type of people
those are motive if you ever you ever
seen Goggins is a Instagram page but
this is insane oh he's a fucking animal
motherfucker got abs on a point he's an
animal
he chisel in he's got the world record
chin ups in in 24 hours he did some
preposterous number of chin-ups what's
that I believe he was beat recently
somebody beat him I think I want to have
a natural ami
yeah yeah but it's those type of people
those are real motivational speakers
because they're actually doing something
there's a lot of people that are
teaching your motivation they don't have
a business they don't they're not their
business is motivation like it's a weird
business it's like yeah it's like
teaching someone how to drive a racecar
you never drove one but see that's way
and that goes back to the whole for me
the whole New York versus LA thing in
comics you just be around at the comics
that are just doing like when you see
Dave Attell like you'll see David sale
in February you'll see him do 20 minutes
right and then you'll see him in March
you'll see him do a totally different 20
and then you'll see him three months
later and he's taking two pieces of the
five minutes from those first 20 and put
it with a new killer
fucking 30 and I go what happened to
this one
oh yeah that stuff wasn't tight enough
and and is it but this joke this is it
and when he breaks down wide that joke
that you love doesn't even fucking
matter to him because it was to get to
this hmm
like that you can't teach that you can't
explain it but you can show it and then
I can go home and go fuck I need to
write I need to go back and look at my
old shit and figure out a way David
tells one of the rare guys that became
an alcoholic sobered up and got better
right like usually the guys who were
drunk are fucking hilarious and then
they stop drinking and they get boring
yeah he got the opposite he became a way
better comic tighter and just punchlines
and people say that about Eminem
they say that once he sobered up and
what clean he's better know that he was
worse yeah this what usually happens so
it happens everybody happened to
Kinnison
happen at Bill Hicks it happened
everybody I never had I'm not not
necessarily Hicks I never had alcohol a
loaf alcohol like I'll drink here and
there but I used to get pissed in my 20s
when I would go on stage
drunk or tipsy or whatever the fuck and
then after the show people would give
the liquor credit for me being funny
and it used to defend me so that's why I
stopped drinking Wow
like fuck gave credit to the liquor yes
so funny when you join this was funny
you should drink more or you know I had
these rode rooms they'll sing you shots
right cuz you're on stage wit Jack and
they've associated that as part of the
so also you lose control the audience at
least I do what I love there drinking
cuz this Center shot someone else is a
shot and now oh it's a fucking big it's
a it's a pep rally
it's terrible performance yeah when
people are sending you shots that's a
disaster that's a disaster because
didn't everybody wants to sign you sure
yep then what am i doing in my
performance that made someone think it
was cool to do that and that that would
make this experience better for
everybody you're doing a Bert Kreischer
you turn it into a party take your shirt
off I must I'm in Howard I know shut the
fuck up so I can get this chiseled shit
out of my mouth so so it totally changed
how I you know and also alcohol makes me
sleepy and then it was too much driving
oh geez and stuff so I can't be drowsy
ate at home so no no this is never my
thing yeah it's a tricky one
because like one drink of loosen you up
two drinks
ah now again a little silly three drinks
now you're kind of drunk you know and
you could still do it but is it as good
as one drink no it's not but once you
get one drink and you get happy you want
another drink
fuck I'll have another one and then next
thing you know it you're a little drunk
and you're on stage like I'm at that age
now I can't remember what comic did a
joke like this but maybe a couple of
them but wait we're before you drink you
have to look at your schedule for the
next day and a half right to make sure
you have the bounce back and recovery
and all that shit yeah it's not just can
I go out Friday what am i doing Saturday
and Sunday well you're a goal-oriented
guy it seems like for goal-oriented
people the the alcohol is one of the
biggest impediments you know the
craziest thing the only thing I've never
been able to make proper time for my
career is exercise really yeah why not
I'm not good about exercise very trainer
you got money because it said that still
I don't have time there's the time and
so in my brain it's well I'm well when I
was still living in LA I had a training
I got to New York and then it's must do
this must write must watch the video if
I exercise I will be too tired and then
productivity will go down and when I
know deep down when I exercise I'm more
creative the brain juices and shit work
more but it's the only thing that I've
never been able to like properly
regiment in my life well this is how you
fix that force yourself like we're in
August okay we have what six more days
seven more days in August something like
that what is today ten more days say the
21st so we have ten more days of August
do you just say at the end of this
fucking month I am going to have a
trainer and I'm gonna work out three
days a week with that draenor period
this is how we're gonna do it write it
down and then just get it done and force
yourself for one month for one month for
the month of September for that month
you have to work out three days a week
and you write it down and then publicly
state it so that you can't back out of
it put it on Twitter or put it on
Instagram take one of those shirtless
pictures of my gut just profile me but
if you do that you'll force yourself to
do it a next thing you know you've done
it you know like I have this dog that
loves running
and so I make sure that if I don't take
him running he's he's always a pain in
the ass he's dropping the ball on the
table trying to get you to play like
he's a very energetic dog
so like that motherfucker makes me run
five days a week five days a week I get
up I'm like come on brow let's go let's
go he goes crazy starts running around
in circles he and then and then we go
hit the trails is this the dog that you
saw what was it was it a snake of some
shit you ran over while you were jogging
one day like a dog yeah that was a
different dog yeah that was crazy man I
jumped over this log and as open over
this long like that's how rattlesnake
it was fat dude like my forearm I was
like fuck
one of the biggest snakes I've ever seen
in terms of rattlesnakes it was big like
six feet long big that is a big fucking
snake and it was just laying flat out on
the road like a stick just warmin yeah
and the dogs went right over it they
didn't even notice it because it was
just completely flattened out I was
literally in the air over it before I'm
like oh my god that was a different one
man I've killed a bunch of rattlesnakes
men always seeing those fuckers there
was one in my neighborhood real recently
where there's a video of a bobcat and a
rattlesnake duking it out in the middle
of the street
a fucking model from my house I'm at
it's crazy
freaking coyotes out here man there's a
lot of weird wildlife out here you know
California's got weird wildlife just a
lot of shit out there a lot of Bobcats
and mountain lions what do we have down
stuff we just had squirrels so it's only
little zit it's only real passes to
cobras and yeah that's it yes coyotes
now coyotes are everywhere they have
coyotes in every fucking state really
States probably eating them a fucking
coyote saying oh yeah for sure
people eat coyotes there's someone
eating a coyote right now right now will
someone listen to now jerky not bad I
guarantee you one of your listeners
knows a person and makes a coyote jerky
probably yeah I'd try that shit my
friend Steve Rinella who's gonna be here
tomorrow he cooked and ate a coyote on
TV they wanted to see what it tasted
like
oh this fuckers on a trail near San
Diego a week ago the size
check for crack god yeah it's all curled
up and ready to go to we're too sprawled
out as a society yeah well these
motherfuckers are everywhere - and we
need them by the way because that's why
there's not as many rats and rabbits and
shit it's a whole beautiful ecosystem
out there have you heard the number of
rats they've found out her in LA
recently I just saw a story about last
night it's disgustingly secure all to
come these 12 million over 12 million
they're all the comments and if they
helped well there's about 1.5 percent on
that I have this disgusting diseases and
instead if it hits over 2% it starts
spreading into people oh oh good times
bubonic plague we got to move to the
mountains yeah move something's broke
genetic code too simple they can like
and reproduce yeah sisters a mom that
sisters and fathers and yeah probably no
problem they have no bro there's no
mutation is that true they don't they
don't have like a sweating problem no
that's what I can really dream us
gestation can be pregnant again right
three months get me pregnant again did
you ever see that documentary on Netflix
they're rats documentary no whoo ready
for that one that's right that down and
just that one's gonna freak you out
because it details they catch some of
them and they just run some tests on
them and this is in suburban Atlanta and
they find all kinds of crazy fucking
diseases and they have Manhattan they
show all these rats scrambling over
garbage and into the sewer system and
they show how smart they are how they'll
send the young rats to test out poison
and then the young rats will eat the
poison and die and then the old rats
like okay we get it and they're smart
adapt if there yeah man they're clever I
mean there are the most prevalent mammal
in any city you know if you look at any
like shared numbers just we're gonna
dots a hustler right there there's more
in New York City than there are human
beings I think there's more biomass of
rats then there is biomass of human
beings so I mean it's the wait yeah just
the wait yeah it's just the weight of
all that's true sure boiling I might
have made that up but the the biomass of
mean just the sheer numbers it's there's
not another animal
you can think of that's like that what's
the Linux estimate of anywhere between
8.4 million and 2014 all the way up to
thirty three point six million rats and
New York City Jesus that's more than
there are people for sure yeah what 18
million god rats matter it's amazing
that they're vectors of diseases they've
always been what has been carrying
disease what's the number of rat what's
the rat infestation looking like in
countries where they eat rats interests
this is disease fucking not a lot of
countries eat rats you know it's the
weirdest shit you ever seen those
temples in India where they feed the
rats and the rats are everywhere dude
that'll give you the heebie-jeebies
these people are drinking out of like
bowls of milk that the rats drink out of
they like scoop it up they they have all
these rats were like literally running
the register sacred or it's just we
respect this is your Griffey the rats
they feed them look at this what do you
got here Jamie who's this rat temple
speed up ahead so you can see what it's
like when all the rats and the people
are interact there we go they put out
food for the rats and the rats
you could pick them up I mean the rats
have zero fear of people and in fact
they're like they get along with people
so this is like a temple that you
visited in India and fucking rats are
everywhere and everybody treats these
rats with respect
very cool existing yeah so the reason
why rats are scared of people they've
recognized that people want to kill them
because they carry diseases but in India
they just got a totally different vibe
going on so look like those pigeons are
hanging around those rounds in New York
City rats hunt pigeons here receive at
skill a business in it and drag him away
like whoa have you seen the video of the
pelican that ate a pigeon swallow whole
I saw a pelican eat a duck just pelicans
are low-key assholes assholes dinosaurs
look at these fucking rats man they're
every but that's what we're headed
rats repelled that's what we had it with
fucking rats in New York you think so
she's got to be normal I mean people are
gonna try and stop them out and poison
and trap and all of that but at some
point you just gotta go I mean well if
it they're maintaining right now
all right you can still go to a
restaurant you still go to the movies
still go shopping it's all normal and
there's millions of rats running
underneath your feet under the ground
what's what's the plan what's de
Blasio's plan fucking plan what kind of
plans you to use corrupt cops because of
all the problems with the streets take
care of all the crime take it there no
rat problems like all these studies and
EPA motherfuckers that mr. Johnny do
they have how much money is de Blasio
have like how much money they have to
spend on things like rats they really
don't have any budget it probably
doesn't present as much of an ominous
threat yes crime or bridges and you know
tunnel shit yes and all you know
infrastructure probably it would have to
be a pandemic disease which can happen
it's there we have medieval diseases
showing up here now that well articulate
ration shit in Hollywood or in downtown
LA with all the homeless people it's
fucking crazy
because people are literally just
shitting on the street just shitting
everywhere the the homeless situation in
downtown LA scares me more in the rat
situation
what's the numbers oh do you need a
sundress mm have you ever drawn driven
through Skid Row yeah bananas right yeah
because it's close to fashion real just
are you into fashion no but I was over
there one day for sure there's thousands
and thousands of people just living on
the street thousands thousands like a
like a whole gigantic theater sells out
and all the people pile out onto the
street but that's where they live that's
what it's like it's like like people
going to the Verizon Center like 7,000
people you find in a few streets and
they think the solution is some sort of
hospitals or something that they can
start trying to do good luck these
people have accumulated they've like
they've become accustomed
they've that's their lifestyle like
that's not what they want for sure but
they're accustomed to being homeless
like they've acclimated to that world
and they've lived in it many of them for
years and
years and years and they go to places
and shelters where they get food they
sleep out on the street they have a
whole community of people that are out
in the street they're all doing drugs
and most of them are psychiatric
patients half of vets though a lot of
them that's the thing that really fucks
me up with the homeless population in
this country is it half of vets and then
on some mental illness ship maybe some
of them their family just can't give
them the care they need but if they got
the care they need maybe they could be a
little more level enough to at least be
under a roof with the loved one of
somebody that can afford to you know yes
to take them in no no I think you're
absolutely right and in the 1980s they
so some of them have problems that are
solvable yeah some of them but some of
them don't have anybody to help them get
through the problem true I mean and then
things deteriorate you know they get
worse and worse and worse and as you get
older you lose hope and then you say
this is me this is who I am now yeah
there's there's like there's there's
like this weird thing with the homeless
as well where I feel like as a country
like we were quicker to help people in
groups like it like in a weird way it
still fucks me up in it it's gonna come
out wrong but if there's a natural
disaster the amount of money we will
pour into relief and support for a
particular area after the hurricane or
the tornado or whatever and that's fine
that same type of outpouring happened
just once for the homeless coast to
coast it would change so much fucking
shit yes but if people are fucked up in
a group mm-hmm at once right then it
doesn't it doesn't resonate like when
you see a single homeless person or the
news just shows you the row of tents
yeah you don't see the person crying but
the rubble behind them and they've lost
everything it doesn't for whatever
reason it doesn't connect the same no
you're absolutely right we need likes if
if something like Katrina happened or a
giant earthquake then we would realize
we have to do something but if there was
no homeless people and then all sudden
something terrible happened and there
was 20,000 almost people wandering
around downtown we would immediately go
oh we got to fix this yeah but it's
simple slow sort of effect it's simmered
in similar
we spend on other countries right how
much money we spend on aid how much
money we spent and we don't fix inner
cities that have been impoverished since
the fucking 1800s we don't ever go in
there and try to solve problems we don't
look I've been saying this forever like
if you want a better country the best
way is to ensure there's less losers and
the best way to ensure there's less
losers is give people more opportunities
and fix places where you have no chance
you mean how many people that grow up in
neighborhoods where they have no chance
get out it's like it's a tiny tiny
fraction of people that want to become
unsuccessful and happy most of them are
trapped by the environment that they
find themselves just by a random roll
the dice they wind up and they're in
Detroit and they're in the worst
neighborhood in Detroit or they're in
the southside of Chicago or they're in
Baltimore or wherever the fuck it is and
then no one does anything to fix it no
one does anything to change it but if
there was no place like that and all
sudden the disaster happened and then
there was a place like that then there'd
be an outpouring of contributions where
people would want to do something to try
to fix it
yeah I just think that we live in a
society where it's just the people in
power know that if you help the people
that you've been oppressing then you run
the risk of facing that wrath once they
have power do you think that's what it
is to some degree
why would I if I have an opportunity to
make something better and people are
labeling me as the fault for you being
in that situation in the first place
then I run the risk of losing power
because those people are gonna come get
me they're gonna vote me out office so
it's it's about aligning your views and
choices with the people that's gonna
keep you on office yeah
I guess man I just would think that in
today's day and age people would be more
forward-thinking and they would think
look we got a lot of problems with the
environment we got a lot of problems
with climate control like we've got we
got real issues in this world but we
also have problems that have been here
forever that no one's done a goddamn
thing defense so these new particle the
oceans rise and the oceans rise and what
are we going to do like what it's not
gonna affect all these inner cities
these inner cities that have had these
same
problems forever if you looked at the
problems like murder problems in this
country like the the places in the inner
city was where you have like gang
violence and murder and drug trafficking
on the same fucking problems over and
over and over again year after year
no go ahead no there's no no effort what
do I gain if I am if I'm a politician
and I'm in power what do I gain by
helping those people well you get more
people that do well and you have a
better economy and you have a safer
society and people look at you like
you're a real leader like Wow mayor
would do that what he did sure if they
give me the credit or unless you get
politically spun the wrong way or some
shit yeah but I mean and then I'm out
that's the case with every single thing
a mayor or a governor us we're just like
I don't know I just think we're like
politics like that is concerned we are
more inclined to vote and do things that
serve our own interests first
hmm politicians are more inclined to do
to enact policies that serve their best
interest and we're more inclined to vote
for things that serve our best interests
so the two things work against each
other then for it to work for the system
to work you got the vote for things that
are for the greater good even if it
means sacrificing your own position in
the process and that's what I think a
lot of politicians don't do but I think
in this day and age trying to help
impoverished communities who now there's
an awareness of how long stuff's been
going on and how do you know Michael
Wood jr. is Michael Wood jr. yeah he was
a cop at Baltimore and he came across
this paper from the 1970s it was
detailing like rap sheets all the
problems and in the area and all the
different crimes and he was realizing
this is in the 2000s there's like these
are all the same places with the same
crimes that we're handling now so here
we are 30 plus years later the same
exact crimes and the same exact places
and needs like the feeling of like
futility the handling this the fact that
no one gives a fuck
and that this has been this way forever
and nothing's being done done to do
anything other than just continue the
process of arresting people let
arresting people letting them out and
then it's just chaos I'll give you a
good example of self-interest
so in Newark New Jersey right now they
are facing water contamination levels
that are higher than Flint and there has
been cover-ups out - that's where I was
born so well I go get your shit checked
your parents to let it's in the past I
think it's like past 8 years or so
they're starting to they're starting to
pull it the threads now and figure out
Oh what the hell was this what's going
on with the water and it's all these
people getting fucked up the people who
covered it up the people in office who
could have made the decisions that you
did you're saying to not fucking let
fucked up water get into the water table
so if a corporation says hey man I'm
okay don't worry about that dirty water
here's some money and some campaign
proxies mean that's what happened I
think so I mean you got to unravel the
story we got to see how it unfolds but
if there is a cover-up a cover-up only
happens if someone has more selfish
self-serving intentions in mind yeah
like the the the poor base of a cover-up
is to fuck over somebody who doesn't
deserve to get fucked over you know so
off that alone the choice you're making
isn't for the greater good of the
society or the pride or like the way
ants like you know what ants do the so
dope when it's affluent you ever seen
the fire and to make the float yeah
that's what that's what we have to be
we're not gonna be there because nobody
wants to be the ant on the bottom drown
might drown and can't get back up to the
top in time
yeah we don't we don't do that well I
think there's also a sense of futility
like there's a lack of resources to
handle everything so you just just take
take what you can handle what you can
and keep moving and then just get the
fuck out of Newark I mean that's how
people look at it people look at those
neighborhoods like a place to escape not
that it's anything that could be fixed
yeah that's what I that's what I
struggle with with with Birmingham and
in terms of going back home and trying
to do things that feed the neighborhood
positively because I feel like I never
had that growing up like you know there
were a cup
your boat Jackson's and your Charles
Barkley's they come around and you know
give a high-five to the kid or two but
to be able to do things that create
opportunities so that that feeling of
hopelessness or whatever isn't always
there or if there's one thing that can
be bit like Big Sean did something that
was doping Detroit put a hundred
thousand dollars down on a recording
studio and to help underprivileged kids
have access to just like an just record
just to do something that makes things
better so the problem is that in the
process of trying to give a fuck it's
stressful and there are people that are
pushing and working against you and you
could easily just go to sleep in your
bed comfortably at night and just not
care but I try I do as much as I can
back home but the idea of getting the
fuck out I'm always torn on cuz the same
I'm gone I'm if nothing else I can pay
my pills to lie down and think my son
could go to a decent division to school
and be fine but if I'm not using my gift
and all these advantages to try and help
him better other people somehow then I
feel like I filled the city well I feel
like I failed where I came from so I'm
trying to figure out how because I've
never what I've never seen is someone
that gave back or attempted to put back
into without it costing them something
in the process as well right I see what
you're saying like you you'd have to
make a big sacrifice in order to help
and you have to take time that you don't
even have time to work out so how the
fuck do you have time to go and save
Birmingham yeah yeah that is a problem I
mean you have bandwidth right you have a
certain amount of bandwidth and you're
in your brain and how much of it can you
dedicate to charitable things how much
can you dedicate to your career your
family yeah it's the constant process I
mean I think it's the job of people who
are running cities and states and the
country but it's about how much resource
how much resources they have
how much they delegate to fixing these
problems that have existed forever what
I've learned man is I learned a shit-ton
we shot you Sean Maher Comedy Central
pilot in Birmingham this summer which
was not an easy feat in terms of the
logistics of it just because
Birmingham's not a it's not Atlanta it's
not a bunch of fucking cameras just
laying around but you start seeing how
different entities of at the state level
on the local level even the county level
all have to get a little touch all have
to have a hand in it somehow so that
everyone feels like they are all part
light you have to please to many people
at the same time to get anything to get
anything remotely done I don't know I
can't speak for the rest of the country
but I know in Alabama that's generally
how it is I think that's generally how
it is with all politics I mean everybody
wants a little bit of credit everybody
wants a little bit of a say and I'm fine
with the credit but just doesn't help ya
get credit but help like do this
logistical thing to hope that like
that's the stuff where nobody wants to
really or you're not sure if anybody
really has genuine intentions on helping
mm yeah
because not everybody is happy for you
that's the saddest shit ever when you
think about charitable organizations and
you find out how much people are making
to run those terrible organizations and
Klaus and shit yeah and how little the
money actually goes towards the charity
you like Jesus like I know there's gonna
be some red tape and bureaucracy but
it's like red cross isn't it some insane
number like how much of money from Red
Cross actually goes towards the actual
charity itself
I'm gonna say 10% that might be generous
but that is a crazy number that ninety
cost ninety percent of all the money
that comes in just to deal with overhead
of sticks and moving stuff around and
that's why that's why I kind of like
though funnies cuz you can just find
them I'll fuckin be like here yeah
here's $100 yeah when there's real
problems what do you got Jamie what's
the number let's guess type that in and
it's like stories come about the CEO has
been serially misleading about
where the 91% of money that they says
goes I don't know oh so it's less than
10% 9% 91 percent there's 91% goes
somewhere other than the charity so it's
9% no no I think they're actually saying
91% go to the justice we're very proud
of the fact that 91 cents of every
dollar that's donated to our services
gasps come on sign it you see that dude
the dinero de niro's uh was suing some
lady that worked for him that watched
fifty five episodes of friends in a week
no yeah she embezzled money allegedly
embezzled money took used his miles to
fly on her own personal trips on she's
making 300 grand a year but the the big
story the clickbait title was uh he sued
her for six million dollars after a wild
friend's been she watched 55 out of 55
episodes of it in four days that's two
thousand eight so that's DVDs in 2008
that is hilarious
so they're still going after it eleven
years later five-o she began she was his
assistant in 2008 and then and then okay
she began as De Niro's assistant and she
now is being sued so she basically got
to a place where they're working
together for 11 years 11 years of
employment De Niro Robinson rose to
vice-president of production and Finance
according to the suit which lists her
2019 salary $300,000 she finally left
the company in April after being
suspected of corporate sabotage said the
legal filing she embezzled money and she
you know that's seven hours a day
that's 14 episodes a day that's doable
it's doable yeah four days i benched 24
in like a day and a half do the whole
see yeah a whole season like in a DVD
box eight days there's also a good show
it's just funny that out of all this
shit that this lady did apparently
allegedly the fifty five episodes of
friends are the ones that became the
headline that everybody had a click on
cuz that's a funny issue also watch Tony
episodes are arrested
one day so just sit around watching TV
while she's working for what is she
supposed to be doing like maybe she was
doing research maybe she's waiting
around for something to do what did they
were project needs friends yeah it's
research what's a neo projects are even
around I mean well De Niro is probably
trying to figure out where all this
money's going because he's getting
divorced right now so he's probably yeah
man he's getting divorced there was a
some public spat at a restaurant where
he yelled at his wife I wouldn't have to
do these shitty fucking movies if you
weren't spending all my money yeah oh I
see that and I always feel bad for
people like the Cubs
the second baseman Ben Zobrist he's been
like I don't know what the Oh physically
unable to perform like he's basically
been on the disabled list the entire
season while he goes through and deals
with his divorce like divorce is some
serious shit even to go make millions of
dollars playing baseball I can't right
now I have to go to court and count my
cash and make sure that my shit is so
his disabled shit is just dealing with
the divorce yeah it's I forget money a
real injury no it's not real injury yeah
well I guess it technically is that's a
girl taking apart his puzzle yeah she's
doing she's taking apart the puzzle of
his life yes she's forcing him to go
through I think it was like infidelity
or something yeah I had a buddy of mine
who he had to pay for his wife's lawyer
and you don't even think about it that
way like if you're married you go well
who's paying for her lawyer well bitch
you're paying for her lawyer if she
didn't work you pay for the general of
the opposing army to try to dismantle
you financially and he didn't have a
prenuptial agreement so he went to my
boy for fucking years years and years
and years and they were trying to drain
them and the lawyers are smart man they
know that the real settlement is great
but what the real money is is in legal
fees leading up to the settlement they
just drag that shit out for a couple of
years hundreds of dollars an hour Chang
Chang Chang and next thing you know
you've lost millions of dollars and this
guy you know busted his ass 12 hours a
day for
ever lost almost everything still to
this day how about this he's been
married for I think he's been married
for 14 years to a new woman
he was with her for 12 years and he has
been paying her alimony longer than they
were married while he's married to a new
woman and didn't even have kids with her
so he's been paying her for 14 fucking
years I'm talking six figures every year
she doesn't do shit she lives in a fat
house in the Palisades the whole thing
is bananas did you see Larry King it's
getting worse
yeah I don't know his head this is 8th
wife yeah I hope he gets another one I
hope it gets another one and there's a
skeleton I can't prove it but I feel
like the divorce lawyer industry is tied
to the wedding industry somehow somehow
they don't have to be tied in like
legally they know they both benefit from
one another
of course yeah of course look at that
perfect relationship how did it go wrong
I just want to know what that well
apparently that was infidelity as well
allegedly no way I can't believe I let
sheet on him all on her side of his side
her side apparently she had a year long
affair prenup in that one I know she
looked fucking hot 20 years ago when
they got married because she's like 59
now so when they first starts shacking
it up she was in her 30s probably lookin
smokin
she's pretty married pretty lady you
know you think that's an addiction love
the same as any other drug sure of
course
yeah most people lose when you talk
about getting married seven times ya
know it gets a little wacky he's had
marriages that lasted like less than a
year they get divorced and marry another
one like I would get married I think
once if I do it'll be once if you do
hang out wanted me one I got one in me I
was proposed to a girl I can o 3o so
long the biggest mistakes almost almost
look at me how do you get out of it it's
found out she was cheating whoa that's
nice it's a relief yeah
it was back in the day when you share
cell phone plans and she kept pushing us
over our minutes full amount I'm like
what the fuck are you talking to so the
next month I requested the full itemized
call along they like back in the day
sprint would send you your entire call
log for the month and I just went
through it and then I could see the
patterns of when I was sleep or when I
was on stage you could just see that but
it's all in front of you it's easy to
just see the law yeah when I go to work
at 6:00 a.m. you call this guy man yeah
it was really easy to track now did you
confront her yeah I was I was a little
extra about it call sprint and the the I
basically turned my phone into her phone
oh shit and then I started texting the
dudes how many times to get and so I
tell both guys to come over at the same
time to now sort of those two got it
which is so my god caddy at me and of
course they show up she calls me curses
me out and boom BAM relationship done oh
so you told them to come over while she
was at home correct but you weren't
there correct oh I like it
no that's devious but in like in the
bigger scheme of things if roses it came
over and hit her Oh
or done anything stupid yeah I'm liable
and that yeah yeah no for someone at
least will charge you were murder for
somebody they shot this is there are
laws not that that's not that's i
deceived two minutes showing up to the
fucking house you gotta remember my
brain is going don't go back to jail
ever again so okay and my brain I'm
going there's something that could have
that could have gone south somehow I
don't think you would have got in
trouble for that either way I wouldn't I
see what you're saying by some sort of
jealous or whatever I don't want that I
was like dude yeah and I had my little
$700 engagement ring from Zeo
this is what I learned that if you
return an engagement ring the
salesperson loses the commission they
tape the Commission back out of their
next check cuz it is no brahmin got
upset he wasn't upset but he spent like
an hour trying to talk me out of return
yeah he said man just go think about it
man go think about it did you tell him
just walk around the mall she's fucking
two other dude that's ultimately when I
didn't once I told him that he processed
it with no fucking I just took that all
no push back yeah there's a $7 ring he's
cut was probably gonna be like what 70
$80 so what's the cut jewelry in the
mall yeah you don't want to fucking lose
your fucking commission yeah those are
bad decisions being made buying jewelry
in a mall it's crazy too
it's more like it's like Joey though
where like she and I are like cool that
she's married like it's all oh wow it's
all lovely well that's good look people
grow and learn that's hilarious though
that he did that yeah that was that
wasn't my finest hour but like I said
I'm not a fighter I figure out a way to
diabolically construct a situation and
tears down your entire fuckin operation
yeah that was a good move yeah that's a
learning process to what I'm gonna do
drive and cuss you out and Gugino
oh no we don't know about each other
yeah it's time for us all to me so hey
man come on over to the house hey man
you come on over to the house
meet me at 11:00 don't come too soon
come exactly at 11:00 Wow
cause we want to be there no
some explosions you just gotta walk away
from no man I want to be there for that
one no that's where God that song I've
never
that's something I've never lived down
like then it just it was just ugly
there's just little things we just go
you know what maybe I should have done
that mom's calling me the next day you
just talk to talk to the baby oh boy
no man I can't like it was did it was
full-blown bro I'm sending pictures of
the fucking ring and oh yeah it was it
was not it's not my finest hour but
don't you think that like those brutal
breakups and all the chaos of infidelity
and all that kind of nonsense it's like
it gives you a better understanding of
relationships when they go well it gives
you it's all like life lessons like you
don't get to be you don't get to be a
seasoned grown-up human being without
getting your heart broken a few times
without having a bunch of things going
disappointing in your work life and then
then you become a person with an
understanding of all the variabilities
that you're dealing with in life I think
the problem though you know with love is
that it also can be corroding SS where
if you've really been invested you've
really tried to love and then it didn't
work okay like I feel like if you've
been in love a couple also feel like
people get married sooner there's
something more pure about it but people
get married later it's more honest hmm
you know like it's like this blind love
in love we've never been done dirty oh
my god the sky is falling versus your
grizzled vet you've been cheated on
you've cheated so you know both sides of
that corn so you know how it feels and
like you know both sides to that so we
enter into a relationship it's more pure
but because you have these battle wounds
and these battle scars I don't know if
you love the same as the couple they get
married in their 20s it still depends on
who you're with and how much you
appreciate them it also depends on where
you're at in your life like if you got
married now you're a successful man I
mean you did all the Gras
finding in the hustling but someone
would be entering into your life now
where you're already made it you're
successful you're established the hustle
of getting to theirs now it's just about
about maintaining which although
difficult you have the confidence that
it's going to happen that you don't have
in the beginning that early days
hustling when you were taking those odd
jobs who the fuck knew where your life
was going beautiful things about it
there was gigs I was headed to where I
didn't have gas money to get home and
the gig I was going to was the gas money
to get home so please don't cancel and
please don't pull some some black
promoter shit and don't pay me like I
literally need those $40 you have no way
to get home Wow sometimes you don't get
paid if you don't get paid on the way
home you stop at a daily work spot and
you do some yard work or whatever yeah
you go do some daily work real quick for
the day you miss it that you miss a
shift if the radio station called a
radio such a hey man I got car trouble
in Kentucky I can't get home I missed a
morning show sorry I mean you go do some
day job Wow get your $40 in your home
that's but that's a real life experience
that you just can't pay for that's so
valuable the fact that you did do it
even though it's horrible when it
happened like that resolved that you did
you developed from being that person who
figures your way through all those
problems so I give so if you got married
now like you're a different person like
you you could you'll figure shit out
better now like yeah yeah yeah you also
you also learn how to communicate way
better so that it doesn't devolve to a
point where either you are being
malicious to each other yes ma'am ago is
way better communication than anything I
could have imagined with anyone right in
my twenties yeah because of those
experiences and learning yeah yeah
that's that's the part where you try to
fucking correct within there's always a
piece of you it's like do you ever find
like yes I can't ask you this as a
married man but you find yourself
sometimes looking at past relationships
like jokes where you go oh I know how I
could have fixed that oh yeah for sure
yeah what the knowledge we have now of
relationships and love yes I can look
back on stuff that I fucked up and go
all I have to do was this this mom and
that joke would it hit yep that would
damn yeah
so that eats like the way like when you
do a TV set and you forget one part of
the joke and now for the rest of your
life that's the set yeah that's who you
are there's a piece of you that's going
fuck I should have done that thing yeah
but that's of growth yeah it's like you
have to leave behind these poorly
finished projects to appreciate the one
that you're gonna put out next that's
gonna be the best version of it I look
at every fucking special every did going
even if they were successful just go I
have nothing to do with them I can't
watch them fucking get disgusted my
first two special should be combined
into one I can look at the material all
that segues with that yeah
cut that out put this in there yeah yeah
and then there's old specials that I
said ooh I'd like to have another crack
at those ideas because they're good
ideas I just didn't implement them
correctly so why not move on you get
trapped you trapped in old ideas it's
out there it's done new shit find
something new that resonates just as
well in the future as this stuff does to
you when you're looking at the past no
no I feel like I have some unfinished
thoughts from the last special of course
but that that desire and that hunger is
what makes you a great comic like that
that's not done oh I got to do more oh
this has got to be better next time or
that make it tighter or make this better
more punchlines less fat all that's what
that discomfort and angst is what makes
you an artist that's why I like trying
to do stuff that has some teeth or some
edge or certain opinion to it you're
treading and stuff that oh no you should
go with it no let's go let's figure it
out there's aa there's a joke in there
somehow when you can navigate those
waters successfully it's like fuck man
you get on the other end with a big
laughter it's whitewater raft it's and
there's just rock
coming and you're going left right yeah
yeah like this is a guy calling out how
to do the joke and just navigating your
way down the rocks and if you make it it
is the most rewarding dis malice that
for me is better than just something
more but yeah something more mundane my
head just I can't do it yeah yeah when
you see people that are doing the same
mundane shit over and over and over
again you they don't know what it's like
to have that thrill there they're
basically getting on a fucking seesaw
every day the same seesaw over and over
there's no thrill in that no you're not
for anymore there's there's too many
good thoughts out there that's why I
love talking with Neal Brennan like Neal
Brennan is like one of those perfect
comics that I can like go hey man or
anything about this and he'll tag it
darker hmm and take it to a place that I
wouldn't even consider hmm and you know
like you start noticing like there's
only so even if you have a bunch of
comedian friends there's only certain
friends that understand how or which way
you're trying to go with the bit because
someone else might give you a tag that
drifts off into easy land and I don't
want them right right right
ya know Neal's a great joke rider and
his his shit like I like his I like
watching him work out premises cuz you
know you could tell him like he's put
some real thought into those ideas yeah
it's it's an it's a thesis statement it
just happens to be funny like he's
really breaking shit down yeah I like
the ones where I know that it was an
argument that he had with a girl into
the stage and try to work it out and
make it funny cuz if you have an
argument with a girl and then she comes
to see you at a comedy club like a month
later and that argument gets relayed to
the audience and it's fucking hysterical
you win that's how you went you win and
you fucking slam dunk that is a fucking
grand slam that shatters windows in the
parking lot I've never had the courage
to do it I've never had the courage to
perform
in front of in front of somebody I was
dating never done it no it's hard you
gotta take a chance in them being really
mad at you and you get offstage but I
give you example like will savants is
another guy that I like talking to out
of New York and the premise the joke
premise is that there are no hit video
game set in Vietnam like that's how much
we don't want to that's true explore
views on World War two Bryant and Middle
East is just yes we only want to discuss
the it's where we want there have been
games envy of course there's some video
games in via but as far as hit popular
twitch level ninja shit right none in
Vietnam and then we'll submit I told
Wilson Vincent premise and he goes that
and he says that's because if you're
playing a game based in Vietnam you
can't win
even if you want to even when you win
you still lose and it's taking that
thought and figuring out how to weave
that but like that's what I mean where a
friend can help me work through an idea
but then somewhere come the trick is to
come around the back side of that and
make sure that you're reinforcing and
uplifting the people they chose to fight
and yeah I'm trying to it's a whole
world that I'm just obsessed with I
don't know what it all boils back to the
whole Trump draft-dodger thing in the
hypocrisy that if we agree that the
troops are fucked and they're treated
horribly then how is draft-dodging bad
and that being the the thought
especially for vietnam war we all agree
was a terrible war we didn't know it at
the time and some people chose to go but
a lot of people were threatened with
jail that they didn't go so if you did
not go based on revisionist history was
that not a solid decision in terms of
avoiding and so it's about getting that
thought through without disrespecting
the heroism right of what happened so
this fallen tree whitewater rafting on
rocks so i haven't figured those are the
those are the basic Lego blocks and i
have to figure out how to get down the
river without fucking hitting a jagged
do you write in like essay form
do you write things out like with a
computer do you do write yeah once I
have the ideas together I just go loose
on stage I'll go I'll just run a bit a
couple times on stage without any
structure without any real structure
just bullet points here the four points
right I make ya do that for we listen to
the audio the stuff that's hot
transcribe and there from that
transcription start filling in the
blanks of how to flesh out the thought
and the point a little bit more like
like but then some stuff requires
research there's a bit that there's a
bit that I'm working on now about how
how the most important person the most
important character in the civil rights
movie is the white person is the evil
white actor you cannot have a powerful
civil rights movie without a white
person being evil so these actors are
never honor they're never nominated for
shit like of civil rights movies only as
powerful as the white actor is evil
because that captures what was fucking
happening back in that day right so I
need to like sit and physically go to
Box Office Mojo and look at the last 10
years of civil rights movies versus
civil rights movies vs. white Savior
movies and pull actors and pull examples
and then look at that and then go to
their IMDB and look at their trajectory
post-civil rights movie to establish a
pattern of if you're a white person you
do evil you're risk because my arguments
that you're risking your career if
you're not an a-list actor and you play
in a racist you may not do shit else at
there because for black people if you
say maybe it's too real so we can't see
you as a fucking Romulan in a Star Trek
movie years later when we're unable to
process so so that joke I have that idea
and I'll just work that out a couple of
times but now before I put it on stage
again
I need movies I need examples to back up
the thesis statement so that's what I'll
start writing and really start looking
at all of these examples and I also have
like it's in the same ballpark of that
is about how like people call like green
but like a white Savior movie and how
this movie is about white people doing a
dick deed
for black people back in the day and
black people don't like play save your
movies because you know it avoids the
pain and the struggle and all that shit
and I feel like white savoury movies are
just reactionary to powerful civil
rights movies because nobody wants to be
portrayed negatively so if there are
enough civil rights movies that play
white people is evil it's inevitable
that a white person is going to write a
movie about remember the time we drove
you around and played a piano like
that's it's inevitable yeah we fed you
chicken and drove so don't just say all
that don't just show those evil things
we did
let's also acknowledge the time we drove
you around and I think if I go back and
I look through the history of the
box-office over the last 20 years I
guarantee you I'll be able to find out
oscillation between powerful silver
lights movie and white save your movie
and when you write that you're just
gonna write bullet points and then just
run it on No now we'll we'll do bullet
points of all the movies and then so the
next stage is I'll do I'll write all
those movies out and I'll go on stage
and do half of those movies one set the
next set I'll do the other half of
movies and see which ones resonate the
quickest with the audience cuz they're
not all gonna be timeless classics right
some of them gonna be deep in the woods
but like Mississippi Burning or like
like Malcolm X and Driving Miss Daisy
yes those are two perfect examples of
conflicting films in the same year so I
need iconic examples like that where
everybody knows the correct what I
haven't even seen it yes
so that's trial and error so that just
has to go on stage a couple times and
then once I know what the movies are
then we write it then you verbatim that
shit yeah really fucking get it worked
that's black boat level comedy that's
black belt level it's like you have to
you have to have like this is not
something that's obvious in front of you
you have like a scaffolding and you're
trying to construct this and figure out
a way to squeeze the most juice out of
it that's that's that whitewater rafting
that's it's so it's so rewarding when
that gets pulled off I just feel like if
you look at every genre it is and it's
not to defend a white Savior movie as
much as it is to just show water fuck it
happened yeah this is why like black
people in the 90s like boys another in
the 90s that was the era of shoot-'em-up
bang bang hood
Essex and some around 95-96 black cinema
became much more positive and
reinforcing and it was waiting to exhale
and poetic justice and above the not
above the realm what's the other one
love Jones and love and basketball like
there were all these more positive like
Center that was in direct reaction to
not wanting to be perceived and
portrayed constantly in a negative light
so I could probably go deep into the
fucking weeds race by race on cinema
like I could do all the Asian movies and
in with crazy rich Asians as the counter
to that but it's not necessarily Asian
save like there's no way I don't know
how to connect that but I believe
there's a way with all of these
cinematic movies to connect it all
together and at that point you've
probably got a 25-minute bit that you
know needs to be chopped down to ten to
ten
yeah but that's how you build all it you
build the whole house and then you just
start chopping off and when you do that
are you writing it out do you do you
ever write things out while asking an
essay form because one of the things
that I found that has a great benefit as
I write things out not trying to be
funny
instead of just writing it out in a way
where I'm trying to be funny I just
write it out like I'm writing an essay
like I'm writing an article for a
magazine and then in doing that I'll
extract chunks that are funny because I
find that when I'm trying to write as a
comic I'm trying to write setup'
punchline
it's to defining it's too limiting but
when I write in an open form then funny
ideas are in there and I just come out
and pull them do you think do you think
part of that is having the advantage of
the audience being with you the media
like when you have your audience you're
afforded that opportunity it's because
it's weird because the way we build
material now I don't think that's how
you did it when you first start it was
in or about just the joke the joke the
joke yeah you had to be you got to gain
their confidence right that was the
thing is like you had a start strong you
gotta have a good opening bit you
couldn't fuck around two months they had
to have confidence in you like this is
gonna waste my fucking time you know
they just seen if you're on a show when
you're in a when you're in
amateur i mean it's fucking ten other
people before you you have to grab them
you gotta grab them you gotta grab them
and show them that you have something
yeah but then once you become an
established comedian the other problem
is you're working with a bunch of other
established comedians like say if I'm
working with you and then there's Joey
Diaz and you know all these other
fucking people that are going on that
are murdering and then you go up with
some bullshit new stuff like that stuff
has to be ready like having an
established audience is great for a
couple minutes and then you better have
some shit yeah you know it's almost like
they have there's more expectations so
things have to be more tight but some
people don't do that some people don't
do clubs anymore where they're working
with a bunch of people they don't do
like the store or The Improv or they
work with a bunch of people instead they
do their own shows they do their own
shows only they have the same opening
act all the time and then people there
to see them and it's a low bar they
don't have to worry about it as much I
think that's that's a mistake but I
think the si form I started figuring
that out maybe 10 years ago I started
writing things in essay form I
originally stood its blog posts I would
write blog posts and I take those blog
posts and I was extract ideas from them
and then make it into comedy
but I feel like the writing without the
limitations of it needing to be funny is
where I get the most ideas yeah and then
you also have the most truth in there as
well yes because I'm not just trying to
bullshit people for a laugh I'm trying
to find out like what is it if that
premise of the white Savior movie like
what is it about white people making
these moves like what are they trying to
are they trying to defend something are
they trying to exonerate themselves like
what are they trying to do when they
make that movie is it just a feel-good
is it their distorted idea of how to
bring everybody together is to show that
some white people are really good back
then yeah even the bad times look yeah
hey good job Michael you know good job
wool like everybody did a great job in
this movie like what what is it that
it's the the motivation you could find
you know you find those those gems of
humor those roots of humor in that yeah
that's what I'm that's what I'll I'll
try that
I'll try writing writing it out more
before putting it on I just like writing
that way because I don't have to do
anything oh there's no expectation like
it's just just
thoughts just spill the thoughts out and
then you get absorbed in the writing and
then in that absorption you mean you're
a funny guy you're always gonna think
funny thoughts those funny thoughts are
gonna come out when you're talking about
something like what the fuck was this
guy thinking and then you go on this
whole rant about this thing that maybe
if you didn't give yourself the
opportunity to sit in front of a
computer and just stare at the screen
and stare at those keyboard you probably
wouldn't have come up with that premise
also once I have the joke in a decent
shape even if it's kind of loose I start
watching myself on mute performed like I
go from audio to wants to joke a
structure to video and then just
watching myself from mute and just
seeing body language and just seeing
does this look funny
does this look that's interesting never
feel for and I think you just had once
once identify where my comedic trance
where it's quick spastic movements but
not a lot of stage talking walking the
stage doesn't work for me I'm not Chris
Rock
so operate in like a three-foot box to
either side of center stage and if it's
quick in head but nobody if I if I take
my head one way then bring my shoulders
instead of bringing my head and
shoulders at the same time on a turn is
if I'm caught while I'm contemplating a
point hmm something as simple as that
for me helps jokes and then I can go
back and listen to the audio go back and
watch the video and see where I'm
getting laughs just off movement and I
haven't said a word yet and for me it's
quick movements and facial expressions
those are the extra little a card at the
extra season and that's the shin then
you know once you kind of get the joke
in a good place where can we add a
little seasoning is it a vocal
inflection is it coming down on this
part is it looking this way then looking
in that way for the like almost
borderline performative like on some
acting shit but just looking and finding
places where the emotions can change and
not necessarily on this line I do this
thing mmm but it's just oh this part is
funnier if I'm not as excited here
though it Foxworthy says if I was
watching bring the funny
and he told one of the contestants if
you started a team let's bring the funny
it's won the competition comedy show new
show it's its Last Comic Standing but
with sketch comics sketched in there as
well so it's not it's not strictly
stand-up its sketch and variety acts and
all of that type of shit but the same
shit you go out in front of three judges
somebody crushes your dreams and then
you talk shit about it behind the backs
kicked off the show but he told somebody
when she started at ten you have nowhere
else to go so I try to keep that in mind
in terms of just not being too big to so
it's really just shifting gears it's
it's a fascinating process and we
discussed this on the show many times
before that there's no books that can
tell you how to do it the only way you
get liked one of the things that's
really cool about this conversation is
young guys coming up young girls coming
up and want to learn how to do calm and
you can listen to your process and
they'll get an idea of the map ahead
they'll get an idea of the road because
there's really there's no courses you
can take that are ever gonna prepare you
you have to find established comedians
and listen to them talk about how they
do it and in a sense what we're doing is
we're laying down like sort of a course
for for the up-and-coming class for the
people that are starting out now that
don't really have anyone to show them
how to do it they can cut a lot of time
out by listened in to a guy like you
who's explaining the mistakes that he
made and then the good choices that you
made and then your process I tried one
of the tricks that I had early on was to
just avoid topics that anybody else was
talking about and then even if the joke
wasn't the funniest I got credit for
being original hmm
no no if this will work for every comic
but I know coming up early 2000s in the
back half of the Def Jam era to be a
black comic there wasn't um about
fucking and sucking and weed and you
ever been so broke like I just I didn't
touch none of that shit yeah so to a
mainstream Booker it was just oh wow he
did a joke about suicide okay well right
yeah well Kim well there's such a
septuplet joke so like it was just weird
off-brand shit but still finding funny
in that there's such a temptation to
pick on tried-and-true
tried and proven subjects because you
know their work you know it's scared in
the beginning right yeah you start you
feel like you start as a weird image
like my early my first years of comedy
was this weird
Martin Lawrence Doug Stanhope hybrid
child I don't know it was terrible
it's very terrible but I started
noticing that when blade the first thing
I needed to do was the first objective
when I got all was to alright all the
road Booker's said you got to get a TV
credit you got to get a TV credit and
then I can pay you more all right well
the only thing that was booking people
on a regular was comic view so BET's
comicview became the path but then I
didn't get comic view like two three
years in a row and I looked at the
material I submitted versus the
materials being performed it was guys
doing better versions of the same topics
isn't me hmm so alright this year we're
gonna try doing different topics from
everybody so I watched comic view for a
whole year kept a log of every topic
that was touched on for every episode
and just never did jumps about those
topics Wow so you actually wrote it out
yeah every week um if you came on every
night though yeah I remember back in in
like 2000 2001 comic you came on Monday
through Friday and it was six comics in
episode so every week you had a
cross-section of what 40 motherfuckers
were talking about Wow for 12 weeks
there's a shit ton of comedy it's a shit
ton of topics and you'd be surprised was
a lot of repetition and overlap so by
simply not talking about that shit it's
enough to get you a little bit it's no
different what's happening now with the
alt scene you're just a different
delivery you're different cadence you
have a different look being different is
almost as important as being funny now
yes I don't think that one I don't think
that being different should be
prioritized over being funny but if
you're different and you're fucking
hilarious than you yeah
people appreciate it for sure just like
any other genre of art music or cinema
anything being different is rewarded
that's why I've always liked emo Philips
man really yeah just wanted to do
and the cadence was never typical right
that just I was like alright that's at
minimum it's different so he's
challenging himself so I tried it so
that's like yeah Theo Vaughn's got Theo
comedy like you can't imitate that like
the only way that shit works is if it
comes out of Theo's mouth it doesn't
even make sense coming out of someone
else Theo gets a laugh on he gets a
laugh on the setup and he gets a laugh
on the pause yeah and the pause is that
anticipatory gig like you already know
ah yeah like he's he's good man yeah
he's real good and I watched that guy
turned a corner man about two three
years ago he he just hit his groove you
know a full mullet well he had a mullet
before but it was he just found that
groove like whatever it is it made him
he found what it is they found the
frequency and they just hit into it and
very very very original you'd never hear
him talking about like stuff that other
people have talked about there's a New
York guy like that mark Norman Martin
Norman has a way sure a lark love mark
Norman pivot he's coming on soon he's
great Norman just knows how to pivot and
oh yeah you think it's going this way
and this is a basketball crossover very
good writer very good writer well listen
man I gotta wrap this up but this is
awesome
I really appreciate it I'm glad we
finally did it thank you so much it was
awesome thank you enjoyed your work for
a long time well so glad to have you on
here man I'll let you know when the
Vietnam joke gets worked out let it know
let us know need some more time all
right bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]